my dear child - the first letter - is here: One that in many a word does appear. A begins Arch, under which, in the rain,  We sheltered awhile till the sun shone again. A begins Apple, so juicy and sweet,  That, when ripe in Autumn, we all like to eat,  A begins Acorn,—the oak's seed, you know:  How strange that from it such a great tree should grow  Anchor, made strong, the deep sea-bed to grip;  That stops in a moment the mightiest ship. A begins Angel, that dwells far above.  Also dear Aunt, whom we all of us love,  Young cousins, Ada, and Alice, and Ann:  Albert;—and Arthur, who'll soon be a man.  Pious king Alfred,—a good King indeed!  Abel, of whom in the Bible we read:  Abraham, Aaron, and many a name,  That stands in that record for praise or for blame. But, till you are able to search for them there, Ask dearest mamma to explain who they were. begins Bible, the book we so prize; That teaches us all to be holy and wise. B begins Boy, in a studious mood, While others blow Bubbles, or stray in the wood, Also Balloon, that soars up in the sky: I should not much like to be mounting so high, Bramble, on which, when the autumn comes round, The Blackberry cluster is sine to be found. B begins Butterfly, coloured so gay; Also the Bee, out at work all the day. B begins Boat, lying there in the sun; Also the Beach, a nice spot for a run. Bellows, that helps us to kindle the fire, Brush, that to keep our hair smooth we require. Bell, that bright, pretty and tinkling thing, That, when little Susan is wanted, we ring. Bandbox - we all know what that is, no doubt; And Basket - a thing we could scarce do without. Bag, that dear Robert to school with him takes; And Broom, for the litter the fading rose makes. begins Child, with her fine hat and band; Carlo, her dog, that she pats with her hand. Chair, where he sits, with its Cushion so soft. C begins Cowslip, that grows in the Croft, Also Carnation - how sweet its perfume! -  And Crocus, that in the cold spring loves to bloom. Church, where we all love on Sunday to go. Castle, that towers o'er the country below. Cherry, a nice fruit, so shining and sweet. Corn, that, when ground, forms the bread that we eat. Coal, - for the winter an excellent thing. Cuckoo, a strange bird that sings in the spring. Cock, that each morning awakes us from sleep. Cascade, where the waters rush down with a leap. Cat, our own pussy, that so loves to play. And all mamma's Cotton unrolled yesterday. Cow, that afar in the meadow we see, And gives us nice milk for our breakfast and tea. Christmas, a season that soon will be here, And join friends again that are pleasant and dear. begins Doll, that children, you see, Have dressed up as fine as a doll need to be. D begins Dove, too, - a fond, gentle bird, Of whose loving nature we often have heard. Damson, a fruit very nice in a pie; And Deer - in the park there how graceful they lie! The Dahlia, one of our handsomest flowers; And Daisy, that dear little favourite of ours. D begins Dog, but I hope he won't tease Those pretty young Ducks sailing under the trees. Drover, who, with his stick under his arm, Drives back, every evening, the herd to the farm. D begins Door, where Jane hangs up her shawl. Darkness - when night overshadows us all. Dunce, a bad child who refuses to learn. Dinner, so nice when from walk we return. Dumpling and Duchess, Day, Dreamer, and Dirt. Daniel, who stayed with the lions unhurt. David, who grew, from a boy at the fold, A great king, and wrote us those fine Psalms of old. begins Egg, in the bird's pretty nest: May no rude hand its dear treasures molest. Also a large one, just boiled in a cup: I dare say our Edward would soon eat it up. Ewe, how she fondles the lamb at her side! Eagle, that soars to the clouds in his pride. Elder, with ripe purple berries bedecked. Earthquake - see how the poor houses are wreck Easel, where, sketching, the young artist sat: I wish I could draw such an Engine as that, Elm. a tall tree, that spreads out in the sky. Earth, that we live on: Example, and Eye. Elk. a wild animal, horned like a stag. Empire, a kingdom; and Ensign, a flag. East, where, each morning; we see the sun rise. Elephant, too, of so monstrous a size. Ellen, our cousin, so dear to us all: Some Evening perhaps we will give her a call, Envy, vexation at others' success: How well it would he if we thought of self less! begins Fanny, whose dear brother, Fred, Has got a large basket of Fruit on his head. How pleased she appears, with her armful of Flower So Fragrant and Fresh, after yesterday's showers, F begins Football - what capital Fun! -  Again it flics up, and how fast the lads run! Ford, where in shallowest water they wade. Fern, like green Feathers, adorning the glade. Fir, a dark tree that towers up in the sky. Fox, a strange animal, cunning and sly. Fawn, a young deer, very gentle and meek. Friday, the last day but one in the week. Feather, like what baby, wears in his hat: The dear little fellow - so Fair and so Fat, France, a fine country, and nearest our own: May we be rivals in goodness alone. Fender, a guard that protects from the Fire. Food, - the good things that our bodies require. Famine a dearth, a great scarceness of bread: Oh let us he thankful if we are well fed. begins Grandpa: baby does stare At the pretty Gold watch showing him there! Greyhound, a dog very nimble and slim; The fastest of runners would never catch him. Goat, that can clamber up lulls steep and high. Gooseberries - Grandma shall make you a pie. Grasshopper, too, that sings loud in the Grass. Grapes, uncle grows in his Greenhouse of Glass. Gig - how the horse there does gallop along! Also Guitar, very sweet with a song. Gleaner, the Girl there, who stands at the Gate. Guard, that surrounds the large nursery Grate. GOD. the great Maker and Father of all. Globe, like a map on a very large ball. Gardener - see he is hoeing the Ground, Or else in the Garden rank weeds would abound. Gnat, that at eve dances under the tree. Goose, that so white on the common we see. Gold, a bright metal of yellowish hue. Gentle and Good - can we say this of you? begins Hen - fond affectionate thing! -  Observe how she hides her brood under her wing Hovel, where nightly they shelter and sleep. Hive, the bees' Home, where their Honey they keep. H begins Henry, with Hand on his Hoop: Young Herbert's Hat, too, who by him does stoop. Hay, that the Haymakers pile in a cart. Humble - a lowly and teachable Heart, Hook, often used to hang anything on, Horse - when I'm bigger, I'll ride behind John. Horn - on the river it sounds very sweet. Hamper, a basket for things nice to eat. Hoe, by whose Help we root weeds up with ease, Hatchet, so useful in cutting down trees. Hyacinths wild, that in shady woods grow; Hollyhocks, too, what a beautiful show! Harrow, for breaking the clods - a spiked frame. Helen, my favourite playfellow's name. House - why 'tis dear grandpapa's, I declare; He's opened the Hothouse, to give his plants air. begins Infant, wth fat cheeks and hands: How upright, beside Isabella she stands! Ibex, a creature with horns like a goat. Inkstand - John writes such a beautiful note! Ivy, that covers, as though with a screen, Papa's garden-wall with its leafage so green. Island, a place circled round by the sea. Image-boy - few look so cheerful as he. Ibis, a bird, that in Egypt, I've read, Was worshipped while living, and honoured when dead Ice - very wintry and dark is the sky, But the skaters across it seem almost to fly. Iceberg, so tall, in the cold Arctic seas. Icicles - see how they hang from the trees  India, a country far distant from ours. Iris, too, one of our gay garden flowers. Invalid, out in his wheel-chair, when fine: -  How thankful I should be if health is but mine  Ivory, hard - tlie great elephant's teeth, Idler he'll never wear honour's bright wreath. begins Judge: he looks rather severe, But they who act rightly have nothing to fear. Jaguar, a tiger, that haunts wooded rocks. Jackal, an animal much like a fox. Jet, - how it sparkles against the tall trees! Junk, a strange vessel, used by the Chinese. Jug, that, each morning, Jane fills at the spring. Justice - in all men an excellent thing. Jewel, a precious and glittering stone, Jam - very nice, as most children will own. Jay, the harsh singer, most country lads know. Jars - in the pantry they stand in a row. Jonquil, a flower that in spring loves to bloom. Jasmine, that breathes all around its perfume. June and July - summer months in our year. Juggler; and Jetty, a small wooden pier. Jacob, and Jonah, and Jesse, and James -  You'll learn, by-and-bye, about these Bible names. And, greater than all, by each Christian adored, JESUS, the name of our Saviour and Lord. begins Kite, that we saw in the sky: It vanished almost, it was soaring so high. Kittens, that frisk by their old mother's side, Who watches their gambols with fondness and pride. Kangaroo: Kit, too, a vessel of wood. Kitchen, where Ann cooks our dinner, so good. Kettle, at tea-time that sings on the fire. Keys, that to open our locks we require. Kiln, where the labourers are burning the lime: I've strolled down among them there, many a time. Kite, that so swift pounces down on its prey. Kingfisher, too, with its plumage so gay. Knit, as mamma does, when evening comes on, Knife, such as dear uncle brought us tor John. Knee - without this we could scarce walk about. Kindness - we all know what that is, no doubt. Kate, our dear auntie, who asked us to tea: She gave such a Kiss to my brother and me. King, a great monarch, so mighty and grand. Kent, a fine county, the pride of our land. begins Lighthouse, that shows a great Light, To guide the poor sailor at sea in the night. Lightning, that darts from the black angry sky. Ladder, that helps us to reach very high. Lemon, a yellow fruit, juicy and sour. Lily, a lovely and sweet-scented flower. Lupins, so blue, in the garden that grow. Larkspur: and Lilac, - a beautiful show. Leopard: and Lion, well known for his roar. Loaf, that the baker's man brings to the door. Lane, where in summer the roses we find. Lamp, that we use when for reading inclined. Lavender, prized for its perfume so sweet Lantern, that lights, in the darkness, our feet, Lie, that no good child would ever dare tell. Lock, that secures our great street-door so well. Leaves, that in autumn the garden bestrew. Love, the fond feeling I have, dear, for you. Letter: and Ladle, a large iron spoon. Lamb: also Lime tree, that blossoms in June. begins Moor, where, so barren and still, The path winds along close beside the old Mill. Mountain, that towers up aloft in the sky: 'Twould take us a long time to clamber so high. Mist, that, in autumn, rolls up the hill-side. Mouse, that so loves in the pantry to hide, Melon, a large fruit, with rough, barky rind. Mushroom, that oft in the Morning we find. Moon, that, at evening, so calm and so bright, On all things around sheds her pale silver light. Music - we all like to play and to sing. May-bloom, that covers the hedge in the spring. Mower, who stands in the Meadow, so blythe, And cuts down the grass with his well-sharpen'd scythe. Milkmaid, who sits there, with round rosy cheek: The cow standing by her, so patient and meek. Monkey -  a mischievous creature is he, Milk-can, that holds the nice Milk, for our tea. Macaw, much admired for his gay-coloured wings: And Magpie, who loves to hoard glittering things. begins News-boy, with papers to sell: What a good thing it must be to learn to read well! At Nine, he leaves one at each customer's door; And by Noon he will sell all he carries, and more. Nuts, such as Willie, our Nephew so good, Brought in a bag from the neighbouring wood. Nest, that we spied in the coppice to-day; (We never take one of the birds' eggs away). Nettle, a weed that is found everywhere; And badly it stings, if you do not take care. Nurse, who so gently soothes baby to sleep. Night, when the stars from the firmament peep. Needy, like Jones's poor children, so sad; I gave them to-day all the halfpence I had, Newcastle, famed for the coal that we use; Also Northampton, for strong boots and shoes. Noah, whom God in the great ark shut in, Before He would drown the bad world for its sin, Good Nehemiah, whose heart was so pained, To see how his country the Sabbath profaned. begins Organ: the tune is so gay, The children could stand there and listen all day. Here, give the lad this, and let dear baby see; How ho stares at the figures in Wonder and glee! O begins Orange, a fruit you well know. Oak, the strong tree on which acorns do grow. Ostrich, a bird whose fine feathers we prize. Onions, that Jane of the greengrocer buys. Owl, a strange bird, that at night loves to hoot. Opossum, an animal; Olive, a fruit. Omnibus - how I should like a long ride, If dear Uncle George could but sit by my side! Oyster, whose shells are collected by boys, And made into grottoes with shouting and noise. Order, - arrangement; by method and rule. Oscar, the boy that we met with at school. Oats, that the Ostler gives Jack every day. Otter, that loves in the water to play. Obelisk, too, a tall pillar of stone, Inscribed with the deeds that our great men have done. begins Prayer, such dear little Ned Beside Mamma prayed before going to bed. P begins Primrose, a pretty spring flower. Parasol, useful in sunshine and shower. Plum, a nice fruit, very good in a pie. Pear, such as often at market we buy. Plough, that in spring o'er the rough field is drawn. Peacock, a fine bird that struts on the lawn. Poplar, a tree very slender and tall. Pie; and Plum-pudding, that pleases us all. Pen, that we write with; and Postman, who calls, With letters and packets, at hovels and halls. Also Policeman, with bull's-eye so bright, Who goes round to see all is safe in the night. Pail, that Jane carries about when she cleans. Palm-tree, so common in all Eastern scenes. Padlock, with which Papa fastens the gate. Pole, a long tree-stem, so tall and so straight. Pelican, Parrot - birds very well known. Pickaxe; and Pillar, a column of stone. begins Queen, in her jewels, so grand - Our own dear VICTORIA, who rules o'er the land; For whom we all pray, with one heart and one tongue. That her reign may he happy, and useful, and long. Q begins Quarrel - one angry word, And oh, what a host of had passions are stirred! Quill, that papa can make into a pen, And with it write letters to dear brother Ben. Quince, a nice fruit, like a large yellow pear, That grows on a tree now become very rare. Quagga, an animal; Quail, a plump bird, Whose cry in the springtime we sometimes have heard. Quarry, a pit where they dig out the stone, Just down by the hill-side, so barren and lone. Question, the word of inquiry we ask, When difficult subjects occur in our task. Quiet, the silence mamma bids us keep, While trying to hush the dear baby to sleep. Quilt, the warm cover, so carefully spread, By nurse's kind hands, on my snug little bed. begins Rosa; bow pleased she appears, To watch those plump Babbits, with long silky ears! Rose, the fair flower with so Sweet a perfume. Bug, that in winter adorns our nice room. Rainhow, that glows like an arch in the sky. Rocks, that rise up in the ocean so high. Rake, that is used to turn over the hay: Rick, the tall pile when they store it away. Robin, that hops to our door, in the snow. Rook, whose strange cawing we all so well know, River, where James goes to bathe every morn. Reaper, the man who cuts down the ripe com. Rest, when we're weary, most welcome and sweet, Ribbon, that trims mamma's bonnet so neat, Raspberries - see how they hang in the sun, Rover, with Robert just out for a Run. Rush, that the marshes and damp places fills. Ravine, a deep hollow pass in the hills. Ruth, the good maiden of whom you will read Some day in God's book - a sweet story indeed. begins Slave. Who can look, without pain, On that agonised face, and that whip, and that chain? Squirrel, that acorns and nuts loves to hide, String, with which Susan's great bandbox was tied. Shell - on the beach what a number we found! Spade, papa uses to dig up the ground. Swan, that so gracefully floats on the stream. Sun, that arises with silvery beam. Strawberry, too, a soft fruit very sweet. Shoes, papa buys me to wear on my feet, Sleep, for dear baby; and Shed, for the Sheep, Sickle, a round knife, with which the men reap. Spectacles, like grandma wears on her nose. Snowdrop, the earliest spring flower that blows. Ship, a large vessel that sails on the Sea. Slate - mamma says she will buy one for me. Sunday, the day when in God's house we bow. Stool, like Jane sits on, when milking the cow. Scissors, we cut with: Sieve, Sermon, and Shower. And Sceptre, well known as the emblem of power. begins Tunnel, through which went the Train That brought Uncle Thomas and me back again. Ticket - the guard did not ask me for mine. Telegraph, too, by the side of the line. Trellis, the cross wood up which the plants grow. Tulips, full blown, what a beautiful show! Tea-party, given as Teacher's kind Treat; With Table, Tray, Teapot, and Teacups so neat. Trunk, the great Tree that the woodmen cut down For Timber to build that great house in the Town. Turnpike, a Toll-gate across the high road. Throne, for the monarch: Tusk, Tiger, and Toad. Thistle, a weed, very prickly and rank. Thyme, the sweet plant that we found on the bank. Trumpet, an instrument, loud, and so clear. Torch, that, to light them at night, the men bear. Traveller - see how he sits on the stile: Perhaps he's been walking for many a mile. Top - when you 're older, I'll buy one for you. Tongue - it should speak what is loving and true. begins Urn, that at tea-time Jane brings, When we all love to hear how it hisses and sings. Also Umbrella, that kept us so dry When the heavy rain poured from the black angry sky. Union - how strong, in the picture we see, Where five men, united, pull down that great tree. Union-jack, the famed flag of our land. Usher, the second at school in command. Unity, what we so love and approve -  Brothers with sisters, all dwelling in love. Umpire, one picked from the wisest and best, To settle disputes when two persons contest. Untaught, like too many we see every day. Uncommon, the singular, out-of-the-way. Uzzah, who, heedless of what God had said, And touching the ark with rash hands, was struck dead. Underwood - bushes that grow among trees. Uncle - a fine romp I had on his knees. Up - a good word in our memory to keep, When we wake in the morning, refresh'd.from our sleep, begins Van, such as last Whitsuntide, Took out our school class for a day ride: Viaduct, too, the arched road, high and strong, On which our good horses went trotting along. Village, the cluster of houses we passed: And so we arrived at the common at last. Vesture - sometimes made of Velvet - a dress. Vanity, pride in the things we possess. Vine, whose ripe grapes we all think such a treat. Vessel, that holds our spring-water, so sweet. Violin, Vincent is learning to play, (He finds it not easy, I venture to say). Volcano, a mountain that bursts into flame: The picture contains one - Vesuvius, its name. Violet, too, a most sweet-scented thing, That often we meet with in woods, in the spring. Vase, a large pot used for holding our flowers. Verandah, that shelters from sunshine and showers. Vagrant, who strays without home in the land. Volume, a hook, such as this in your hand. many a Word does begin; As Water-wheel, Walnut, Wheat, Wheelbarrow. Win. Wind, that blows over the common so strong: It drives, as you see, the poor children along. Ah, Walter, my boy, for your cap you must run; Though William, behind, calls it capital fun. Windmill, whose great sails but rarely stand still. Waggon - the team has just come up the hill. Well, that supplies us with Water to drink. Willow, that droops by the cool river's brink. Wasp, veiy fond of a plum or a peach. Wreck - a sad sight, lying there on the beach. Wallflower, that blossoms so fragrant in spring. Wren - you should see him - the tiniest tiling! Wall, in our garden, where sweet roses climb. Watch, like papa has, to tell him the time. War, that disfigures our fair earth with blood, Winter, that scatters the leaves in the Wood. Wisdom, that Solomon asked of the Lord, Above greatest things that the World could afford. There are so few words that begin with an X, To find them would any poor writer perplex; And so, if you please, as the X for TEN stands, We'll give you, in rhyme, God's ten solemn commands: Worship the Lord God, thy Maker, alone; And bow not to idols of wood or of stone. Speak not God's name without reverence and awe, Or He will reprove thee for breaking this law. Remember the Sabbath, of all days the host: Work six, keep the seventh for worship and rest. Honour thy parents, if thou wouldst live long. Thou shalt not kill, with the sword or the tongue. Avoid thoughts and actions unclean or impure. Beware that thou steal not, although thou be poor. Thou no false witness 'gainst any shalt bear, Nor covet thy neighbour's more bountiful share. begins Yule-log, blazes so bright; Bound which cottars sit, cold Christmas night. Yew, a long-lived, and dark shadowy tree, That often in old country churchyards we see. Yacht, a small vessel, so nice for a sail; That skims like a bird, in a favouring gale. Gay Yellow-hammer, a sweet lively bird. York, of whose Minster most people have heard. Yoke, that connects those two oxen, so strong. The lad in the picture is leading along. Yeoman, an officer, well known at court, Yarmouth, a place to which bathers resort. Yarrow, a weed that we find in the fields. Yam, a nice root that America yields. Yawl, a ship's boat. that we saw on the shore, The day that papa took us all to the Nore. "Yes," the dear word mamma said, as she smiled, When I asked, with a kiss, if she loved her fond child? Youth, life's short morning, that soon will be o'er: Oh waste not the hours that will come back no more. the last letter, but seldom we need, As you will discover, when books you can read. Z begins Zenith, the sky overhead, Where shines the pale moon, as we lie in our bed. Also Zaccheus, who climbed up a tree, That, as he was short, he the Saviour might see. Zephyr, the breeze, so refreshing and cool, Zebra, a pretty striped species of mule. Zechin, a coin that at Venice they use. King Zedekiah, who reigned o'er the Jews. Also Zoological Gardens, where Ned One day went to see the wild animals fed. Zion, the hill where the Temple, of old, Stood fair in the sunlight, all marble and gold. Zenas, a lawyer - disciple of Taul: Ziba, too, one of the servants of Saul. Zarephath, where dwelt the widow's sick son. Zebedee, father of James and of John. Zealous, like Alfred, who still strives to excel: Without Zeal, we scarce can do anything well. And now, dear child, that you have read The alphabet, from a to Z, You've found each letter, in its turn, Suggest you something good to learn; Something that you, another day, May think of, in your work or play. These letters, when combined in rows, The largest, longest book compose; Look, therefoire, at each letter well, And soon you'll learn to read and spell; And oh, how pleased I then shall be, To hear you read nice books to me! And oh, how much more pleased, my dear, While you in learning persevere, To see you in your youth begin To honour Godf and flee from sin; To watch you day by day progress In wisdom, virture, holiness Of early to the Saviour come; Still at His loving feet there's room. Seek, little lamb, the Shepherd's care; Go with this simple lisping prayer -  "Lord, cleanse this sinful heart of mine; And make me, wholly, thine." S.W.P. 