 the Arrival of Barnum's Big Show, With the Artistes and Animals all of a row.  for the   which from Russia were brought, To play and to dance and to skate they were taught  for the Clowns who are comic and curious, And the Chariot racing so fast and so furious.  for the   who each have
                  their day, And the   who sings like
                  the Vicar of Bray. E for the Elks who at see-saw are tried, And the Bicycle Elephant taking a ride. F for the Fat Boy who
                  measures-no matter. See the Five Funny
                  Figures that make
                  him look fatter. G the Giraffes who in harness they bring, And the Gladiatorial Games in the ring. H for the Horses, you know all about them, For what would a Hippodrome be like without them. I for the Indians fresh from the Prairie, And the Intelligent Cow that deserted the Dairy. J is for Jumbo, the pride of
                  the Zoo, And the Japanese Jugglers who wonders
                  can do. K for the Kickers that call themselves Komic, And the Kangaroo gloves of the Dude anatomic. L for the Ladies, the Lictors, and Leopards, the Lions, and Llamas that trouble their shepherds. M for the monkey that mimicked young Margery The Mules, the nine Mooses, and all the Menagerie. N is for Nero, the tyrant of Rome, Who judges the sports in the great Hippodrom O for the Otters, Opossums, and
                  Owls The odd looking Ostrich and
                  other strange fowls. P for the Ponies, in tandems and gigs, And the peripatetical prize-winning pigs. Q for the Quadrupeds, worthy of mention, Whose queerness and quaintness compel your attention. R for the Racing, the Running, and Riding, And the long-horn ed Rhinoceros one man is guiding. S for the skilful and sensible Seals, And the Sheep of Bo-peep that much humour
                  reveals. T for the Tiger so fierce and defiant, The thin, tiny dwarf, and the tall Texan giant. U is for Uno, of serpents the
                  charmer, V Not one of her
                  Venomous
                  pets ever harm her. W AND X with the Weird Aztecs, The Wolves and the Wizard
                  extremely perplex. Y for the sheep which the Yellowstone
                  rears, And the Yoke of remarkable
                  Yankee-taught steers. Z for Zeno and Zarah and no one can
                  better her, And Zebu, the Zebras, the Zulus,
                  et cetera, 