For the   who taught us to ride, And oft' when in danger to be found by our side. For our   with its   and
                  its  , Which we soon learnt to ride you may easily tell. For   Flag of the Free! I pause when I see it on Land or on Sea! For the   when the weather is dry We cannot escape it 'tis no good to try. Stands for  , the brightest of light, If the battery fails we are left in a plight. For the   where we asked them the way: Then we rode on again as we wished them good day. For the   case that covers the chain, Its' a very good practise to keep out the rain. For  , 'tis a pleasure to go And see all the Bicyclists ride in the Row. For the   where we stopped to have tea, The Landlord a jolly good fellow was he. For the   so funny at fairs Who rides on a bicycle up and down stairs. For the   we met one dark night He told us the time, which was very polite. For the   that gives us a light When darkness sets in it makes every thing bright. For the   which keeps so clean: Without it we should not be fit to be seen. For the   placed high on the wall To bid us ride slowly For fear of a fall. For the   we Cyclists all carry: As to feed our machines we must now and then tarry. For the   which rouses one's ire As the wind all escapes from our pneumatic tire. For the   little cottage that stood Not far from the road the edge of a wood. For the   the   would
                  break As he rushes along at a terrible rate. For the   so small and so strong Some like them square and some like them long. is for   on which much depends, Unless they aree pierced they're the gentlest of friends! For the   who will see fair play His decision is final what ever you say. For the   common to all Which is sure to be followed by many a fall. For the  , so slight and so strong Which carry us safely and lightly along. For the   which puzzle us so When we cannot exactly tell which way to go. For the   who as we sped by Seems to believe that a cyclist can fly. For the  , which, there's not the least doubt If we wish to ride nicely we can't do without. 