ABC FUN A is for auto. A wagon that goes With only a push From ten little toes. B is for blocks  For houses you build And when they fall down Nobody is killed. C is for cars That run ofa a track, And when they run off They always get back. D is for doll A little girl owns. It's body is stuffed Without any bones. E is for elephant, Rubber at that If you blow very hard It gets big and fat. F is for football The big boys can tell The fun you can have If you know how to yell. Julia's Verse. G is for graphophones Toy ones that say The things that you tell them The very next day. H is for hobby-horse Covered with hair. Some you can ride That rock like a chair. I is for Indian Doll dressed in leather, With knife in its belt And headdress of feather. J is for jumping jack. Just see it work! It hangs on a string And jumps when you jerk. K is for kitchen. All made of tin. That's what the pans And kettles hang in. L is for lobster That crawls on the ground. When wound tight enough It backs all around. M is for marbles, All shining and round. A game that boys play In a ring on the ground. N is for Noah. He built him an ark, And opened a zoo Like the one in the park. O is for orange, And that's just the size Of the big rubber ball I got as a prize. P is for piano, With black and white keys. It's not very big, But I play it with ease. Q is for quiet, And no boy is that When he has a good game With baseball and bat. R is for roller. A pretty tin toy That shows all the colors That please a small boy. S is for "shoofly." A seat and a throne For wee little folk Who can't stand alone. T is for trunk. Just open the lid And see all the dresses Within the trays hid. U is for umbrella. My doll has one, too. In the rain, if she had none, What would Dolly do? V is for velocipede, Boys like to ride. It's more fun than walking. Have you ever tried? W wagon— To push and to pull Both big ones and little, And they're always full. X is for xylophone, Easy to play. A hammer and metal Make music all day. Y is for yacht, All ready to sail. With canvas all spread In a lake or a pail. Z is for zebra. It needn't be big. In my Noah's ark There's also a pig. 