 for ARTHUR, careful and good, Learning his lesson, as little boys should.  is BABY, cheerful and gay, Too young to learn, but ready for play.  C is the CART, in which baby sits
                            down, Playing with Arthur at driving to town.  is the Dinner brought up on a tray, For which Master Baby's quite ready to-day.  is Nurse Emma, who sits in her place, Teaching dear Arthur how he should say grace.  the Footman; this shows how he stood, To say Mamma wants them if both have been good.  for Gratitude; Arthur stands there, Emma to thank for her kindness and care.  for the   the
                            carriage that drew, In which Arthur is riding, and Baby went too.  for the Indian, who comes from afar, From a country in which there has often been war.  is for Jug, by Baby o'erthrown; Dear children, don't meddle with things not your own.  for the Kiss Baby took with great joy, When Mamma had forgiven her dear little boy.  is the Lady Mamma went to see, Who said, "Arthur and Baby must come and see me."  for the  ,
                            smartly arrayed, That danced on the organ the Savoyard played.  for the Nosegay of flowers so gay, That Arthur brought home for Nurse Emma one day.  for the Orange which Baby holds tight, While Arthur cries for it;—dear boy, that's not right.  for Papa, who came in and said, If Arthur is greedy we'll send him to bed.  for the Quarrel that happened one day, When Arthur took Baby's big bounce-ball away.  is the Rod, that to Arthur was shown, To teach him to leave poor Baby alone.  is the Stool, on which Arthur must
                            sit, Till he has got over his covetous fit.  for the Toys, with which he must not
                            play, For in well-earned disgrace is poor Arthur to-day.  for Uncle, who came home from sea, And Arthur, forgiven, here sits on his knee.  is the Vessel, with sails all
                            unfurled, That has carried dear Uncle half over the world.  is the Watch, master Baby's great joy, Which Mamma now holds up to amuse her dear boy.  for Xerxes, and Uncle has said: "I'll tell you about him, but now go to bed."  is the Yawn, given by Arthur at last; So they put him to bed, for his bed-time was past.  the Zoological Gardens must be, Which Arthur and Baby were taken to see; And when our young friends have learned this book through, I think they deserve to be taken there too. An active, agile  , Tries from prison to escape. Brown   when brought to bay, Fights with his foes in a gallant way. Curious croaking carrion  The tailor shot at with his cross-bow. Daring DANIEL, brave in fight, Guards the weak, and that is right. Earnest ELLEN will excel, For she learns her lesson well. Fierce FAWKES of famous name, Whom boys delight to burn in flame. GARLAND green, bright and gay, Given to deck the Queen of May. HOME—our own happy home, So dear to all when holidays come. IGNORANCE and IDLENESS, Bring poor Isaac to distress. Jovial JACK and jumping JILL, Bringing water down the hill. KITCHEN, where the kettles are kept, And Kate, who keeps it neatly swept. , very large and loud, King of beasts, he's great and proud. MARTIN woks with might and main, For his children food to gain. Neat NURSE and naughty NAN, Who to tear her book began. Old  , so sad and grey, Flies by night and mopes by day. Pretty PATTY PRATT, who peeps At the preserves who mother keeps. , active, quick in flight, Much like a  , but not quite. Ready ROBERT well can read, What his Master says, he'll heed. SIMON, shallow, simple, slow, Who to the country fair did go. This, a trim and turban'd TURK, More fond of smoking than of work. URN, a very useful thing Which at tea-time, in we bring. Vicious  , very vile, Curling up to sleep awhile. Wary, watchful, winsome WILL, Guides the   down the hill. X for this no name I see Better than fierce XANTIPPE. YOUTH lies beneath a yew, That within the churchyard grew. Zealous ZANY at the fair, Makes the country people stare. 