 for ALICE in WONDERLAND A is for Alice and all she went through  In Looking-glass land and in Wonderland, too. How I wish I might go with dear little Alice For a game of croquet at the Queen of Hearts' palace.  for BEAUTY and the BEAST B is for Beauty and the terrible Beast— I don't wonder she feared him, oh, not in the least !  But his heart was so good and his deeds were so kind That, in spite of his looks, Beauty soon changed her mind.  for CHARLIE CHAPLIN C is for Chaplin with his funny mustache, His toes are turned out and his conduct is rash ; Every movie fan loves him, every child is his friend, For he keeps them all laughing from beginning to end.  for Dr FOSTER went to Glo'ster D's Dr. Foster, whome all of you know, Who journeyed to GLo'ster in the long, long ago; But he stepped in a puddle in a down-pour of rain And never will journey to Glo'ster again. for Elephant E is for Elephant, doing his tricks; Without him, the circus would be in a fix. He is good and he's clever and does all he can To help out his trainer, who is a kind man.  for FEE,- FI, FO, FUM. F is for Fee-"Fee, Fi, Fo, Fum, "I smell the blood of an Englishmun ! "I'll eat him alive," the giant said, "And grind up his bones to make my bread."  for GULLIVER'S TRAVELS G is for Gulliver, whose wonderful travels In Lilliput country Swift's romance unravels. On the edge of the bowl, see the wee Lilliputian Who seems to be teaching his host elocution.  for HUMPTY DUMPTY H is for Humpty, who sat on a wall And when he fell off—oh, my! what a fall. I hate to inform you what really befell, For of poor Humpty Dumpty was left but a shell. for INDIAN I stands for Indian with his blanket and feathers, he stays out-of-doors in all kinds of weathers, He has never a bed, nor a table, nor chair, But a curious way of wearing his hair.   for JACK SPRATT J's for Jack Spratt and for Mrs. Spratt, too ; Not a bit of fat meat, only lean, he would chew. She ate up the fat—and the gist of the matter Is that, 'twixt this couple, they cleaned up the platter.   for KING COLE K is King Cole, the hale and the hearty, With his pipe and his bowl, a jolly old party. "Oh, I may be a king, with my fine fiddlers three, "But I mean to have comfort," he said, said he.   for LITTLE BO-PEEP L is Little Bo Peep, the poor little dear, She will make herself ill with crying, I fear, For she's lost her fat sheep with their long tails behind them And doesn't know where in the world she will find them.  for MOON M is for Moon and the wink that he gave When he saw how that naught old cow would behave, Who heard the cat fiddling the strange little tune Which set off the dish to elope with the spoon.   for NEEDLES AND PINS N is for needles—for needles and pins, When a girl marries her worry begins ; She must cook for her husband and darn all his hose— And never forget to powder her nose.  for OLD MOTHER GOOSE O's for Old Mother Goose with her verses immortal And the charmed world to which she holds open the portal. E'en a grown-up may enter, by fancy beguiled, If he has love and humor and the heart of a child.  for PUNCH and JUDY P stands for Punch—and Judy, his wife ; Poor thing, he leads her a terrible life, For his cudgel he carries to fight or to revel And whacks every head from police-man to devil.  for QUEEN OF HEARTS Q's Queen of Hearts and the tarts that she made (She will ruin her beautiful frock, I'm afraid!) The Jack of Hearts took them against the Queen's wishes, But you really can't blame him, they smelled so delicious.  for RED RIDING HOOD R's for Red Riding-hood, dear little girl, With her hood on her head and her hair all in curl. No wonder the wicked wolf wanted to eat A morsel so tender and juicy and sweet.  for SANTA CLAUS  S stands for Santa and the toys in his pack, For the cap on his head and the coat on his back, For the sleigh and the reindeer, the tree and the holly And all that makes Christmas so dear and jolly.  for TREASURE ISLAND T's "Treasure Island," the glorious tale Of pirates and battles and the crew that set sail To dig up the treasure and bring it home as freight The jewels and doubloons and the pieces-of-eight.  for UNICORN U is for Unicorn, who wanted the crown And fought with the lion all over the town I wish they would share with me and with you Their nice bread-and-butter and plummy-cake, too.  for VALENTINE V is for Valentines and for the saint Whose day we all honor with emblems so quaint; For the brave paper-lace and the cupids and darts And to the postman who brings them to gladden our hearts.  for WALRUS and the CARPENTER For Walrus, of course, the W stands ; Who walked with the carpenter by the sea-sands ; They talked with the oysters they met on the beaches, Then gobbled them down with the kindest of speeches. for XMAS CAROLS X is for Xmas and the carols we sing, The turkeys we eat and the gifts that we bring ; Of all the whole year, Christmas day is the best With love and with happiness specially blest.  for YANKEE DOODLE Y's Yankee Doodle, beloved old dandy, With his hat and his feather, so spic and so spandy. The children delight in this man of renown And follow his pony all over the town.  for ZEBRA Z is for Zebra, the pride of the Zoo, He is dressed all in stripes and so stylishly, too. And as Z's the last letter, my dear children, I Must lay down my pencil and bid you good-bye. 