Yes! Willy is the proudest boy In juvenile creation; For some one said Kriss Kingle was A family relation. But as Kriss Kingle turned to go He heard a shout, as Willy Cried "Much obliged!" and laughed to see Kriss Kingle look so silly. "Say, why not come and live with us? I'd love to have you, dearly; Then I'd have presents all the time Instead of waiting yearly. So Willy kept awake that night, When all the rest were sleeping, And saw Kriss Kingle in the room Come slowly, softly creeping. He filled the stockings to the top With sweets and treasure splendid; And Willy never made a sound, But lay there and pretended. "I'll trade my Papa off for you, I know we'd all be suited. What do you say?" What did he say Why nothing - he just scooted. A is adventure, and here is the scamp Who was lively enough to be in it; But - before he got thro', why, we leave it to you If you think he did well to be in it? B was the Bunny who made up his mind That he'd be a ferocious young Bandit; But when the horse neighed and he ran of afraid, Why, he never could quite understand it. O the man in the moon he is centuries old, Yes - but once in the Long Ago - maybe, He was littlem you know, As a willow wisp glow; Don't we have to get started before we can grow? Ho ho - Why certainly so, To be sure he was one time a baby. Higgledy,piggledy, my fat hen Gets disgusted now and then; Our Johnny roused her temper grim, She bides her time and lays for him. He put some door knobs in her nest, And though she did her level best, Worked over time, grew thin and sick, She couldn't raise a single chick. When Ted and Dick related tales. Each of the lively two Tried, with amazing incident, The other to outdo. And so when Ted remarked to Dick That "Once I ate a horse;" The other laughed because he thought It was a fib - of course. "But it is true - I did indeed!" Exclaimed the mighty Ted; "For I ate body, legs and all, The horse was gingerbread." C was the Chick with a delicate coat, Which the Bandit determined to plunder; But alas! when the hen flew to peck him, why then The young scamp ran away - and no wonder. D was the Duck with her comical brood. Said the scamp: "I will snatch me a couple." But the mother said: "Quack!" and he turned in his track, And his running was really supple. E was an Eel on the edge of a pool. "Ah!" the Bunny exclaimed,"see me grab it," But the Eel gave a splash - and the scamp made a dash, Which by this time had grown to a habit. F was a Frog all apparelled in green, Which the Bandit decided just suited; And he reached for that suit - but the Frog bellowed "Scoot!" And the Bunny, I tell you, he scooted. O Charlie boy, O snarley boy, Why don;t you comb your hair? It looks as if a mouse or two Had come to live a while with you And start in business there. O Charlie boy, O snarley boy, Why don't you wash your face? I think I'll dip you in a tub, And use you for a mop to scrub The floors about the place. O Charlie boy, O snarley boy, You must have ink for blood; And Charley boy, he said,said he: "I'm made of dust - The spots you see Is where I've turned to mud." Our Willy started out for school One bright and sunny day, But somehow felt himself inclined To go the other way. He couldn't say it was the sun, The birds, the buds, the sky, Which made him lag - not one of them Explained the reason why. 'Til in a wink he understood Right at the school-house door, For he had put his trousers on, Just think! - wrong side before. If all the babies in the land Were nursed by JOhnny's tender hand They would be apt to smother; You see, he didn;t like the side With which his baby brother cried, So he turned it to the other. G was a Goat with a bread on his chin, Which the Bunny desired for a pillow; But he gave up his plan - when the Goat dropped the can And went after him - willow, oh, willow! H was the Hound with he terrible face, Just the thing that the Bunny was lacking; But a look was enough at that countenance bluff, And, as usual, off he went packing. I was the Idler, the drone of the hive, Which the Bunny saw lazily sunning, And he grabbed the wee thing - at the end with a sting, The I say - oh, I say - there was running. J is for Jay Bird, that quarrelsome rogue, Which can send all the other bird kiting; And it can't be denied, when the Bunny he spied, That the scene which occured was exciting. Taffy was a rascal and Taffy's time was brief, For Taffy came to my house and brought the folks to grief; 'Twas made of poor molasses and turned the children ill, And yet the Doctor likes it - or you'd think so from his bill. Sing a song of lazy, Johnny still in bed Didn't want to go to school, He was sick, he said. "Sorry," said his father, With a solemn frown, "For, you see, this afternoon, The circus comes to town." O have you heard of Grimville, A town as black as pitch, Where children got so dark of face That any mother in the place Could not tell which was which? And so, when Parents sought their chicks, They'd sally forth alone And wash each dirty little brood Throughout that grimy neighborhood Until they found their own. K is for kitten, that innocent thing, And it raised up its paw to be funny; And the little thing meant just a kindly intent, But it didn't seem so to the Bunny. L is for Lamb - here at last was the chance, And he chuckled to think of the meeting. But oh me! and oh my! in the wink of an eye, Why, the Bunny ran off at the bleating. M was a mouse. "Now," he said, "I'll be brave;" And you'd really think he would do it, But his valor grew weak when the Mouse gave a squeak, Then he ran - and there's nothing more to it. N was for naughty, referring, of course, To this terrible, terrible Bunny, As he rapped at the cot of the turtle and got A reproval instead of his money. A bran' new scholar came to school, His age was half-past three; And when his grinning nurse had left, A sorry sight was he. He filled the room from floor to ceil With his unhappy wail, And bawled away as if he thought The school-room was a jail. But presently, adown his cheeks The tears forbore to chase, And then he saw that Teacher had A very kindly face. And when a tiny, little smile Two timid dimples met, The Teacher asked the youngster if He knew his alphabet. "Of course," he said, and so, to put The matter to the test, She asked the lad what followed "A" He answered: "All the rest." "You dirty child, O me, O my! I do believe, indeed, That you would sprout to weeds if I Should sprinkle you with seed." "O tourse," exclaimed the tiny tot; "Why, Papa, don't you know Dat every fing on earf has dot To have some dirt to drow?" Sixty tumbles down the stairs, Sixty bangs and bruises, Sixty rips and sixty tears, Sixty poor excuses. Sixty bumps on head and shins, Sixty carols bonny, Sixty laughs and sixty grins; That's our all-day Johnny. O is for Owl; he's a homely old bird, And one night, with it's terrible hooting, As the Bunny came by - on his purposes sly -  Oh, I tell you, it sent him off scooting. P was a Puppy, a frolicsome thing, Which was tearing a dolly to tatters, And it yelped in its glee, and the Bunny, why he Went went away to attend other matters. Q was for quick, and refers to the way That the Bunny ran off in a minute, As he labored his best to steal eggs from the nest And he found that the Partridge was in it. R was for Robin whose beautiful vest The Bunny decided he needed; But his effort was brief, for the Robin cried "Thief!" And again into distance he speeded. "Hullo, hullo, is Baby there?" And Papa's ringing tone Slipped in the infant's tiny ear From out the telephone And then, of all the things absurd! That youngster to express To waiting Papa that he heard Why simply nodded "Yes." Again that jovial "Hullo!" Came speeding through the air; "Hullo, I say, I want to know If three-year-old is there." Then with a look of grim surprise That words cannot express, He answered Papa's inquiries Again by nodding: "Yes." "Hullo, hullo! what's wrong up there?" Cried the familiar tone; And this time Baby stirred the air Within the telephone. "What's wrong wiv you?" he shrilly cried, And shook his tiny hand, "Dis is de fird time I has tried To make you under'tand." 'Twas at an evening party Of romping and delight, And lass and lad Bu this time had A robust appetite. Two maidens sat together, Their glances on the dish That came their way With a display Of all that heart could wish. Two ripe and rosy apples Charmed with their tempting hue, When one wee tot Reached forth and got The larger of the two. "You mean - you selfish creature." Exclaimed the other elf, "It's just too bad, Because I had Picked thatone for myself." S is for shame that a Bunny could be So evilly-minded and lazy, For a pair of Tomtits scared him out of his witsal dew from a daisy. As he tried to ste T was a Turkey which laid a fine egg, And the Bunny proceeded to grab it; But the fowl gobbled "Nay!" and the scamp ran away In his usual good-for-naught habit U is for ugly, for Bunny at last Saw his face in the streamlet while drinking. "Goodness gracious!" cried he, "Is that possibly me?" And the terrible change set him thinking. V is for vain. "Ah!" the Bunny exclaimed, "For a rogue I was never intended." And a Lark overheard trilled a giggle,and said He was glad that the business was ended. "If I were you I wouldn;t do Such things" - cried Staid and Steady. "Why, don't you see, If you were me It would be done already." When Sammy goes to bed at night He thinks it isn't managed right, And he is filled with sorrow; For he believes the only way To ease his aches - would be to play From dusk until to-morrow. "'Now I lay me' - Mamma, I Can't be sorry ef I try; Willy kick't me twict to-day, He's th' one that ought to pray. "'Now I lay me down to' - say, Wot you think he done to-day? Jabbed a hole in Susie's ball N' tored th' sawdust from her doll. "Now I lay me down to sleep,' I pray the Lord my soul to keep. Ef' - Mamma, don't you think that he Should git lick't fer kickin' me? "Yes - I know, but 'Tisn't you That's bin bunged all black 'n' blue; Ef Pop 'u'd spank you - could you pray 'Now I lay me' -right away?" W anyone knows stands for wrong, Which was Bunny's unhappy condition, You could tell by his face that he felt disgrace, And was sick of his wicked ambition. X is the very last thing in perplex, And the Bunny ws nearly distracted; He'd been wicked so long that his thoughts were all wrong, You could tell by the way that he acted. Y is a youth arrested the scamp Before he could quite understand it, For the quick little chap pulled the string of a trap, And there was an end of the Bandit. Z is for Zoo where our Bandit was caged, Which was anything other than funny; So be wise my young friend, and consider the end When inclined to bad like the Bunny. "Toot, toot!" cried Willy, "all aboard, First thing you know, if you don't mind, You'll all be left away behind; So will you be so very kind And get aboard this minute." The passengers, there were but two: His blue-eyed sister Molly, With Papa's monster carpet bag Which she could scarcely move or drag, And something rip and rent and rag Which she addressed as "Dolly." And off they go in merry mood, And lips with laughter parted, Across the valley of pretend To make believe their journey's end Where all the trains which thither tend Arrive before they've started. O Little Boy Blue, He is in a sad plight. He was left in the rain for a day; Then his berry-black eyes and his apple-red lips, And his wonderfulcoat trickled off into drips; Now, alas! he is a little Boy Gray. "Now, Willy, if you go to sleep I'll give you something nice;" And Willy tried his very best To follow the advice. And when his mother sought his crib And whispered in his ear: "O Willy, are you sound asleep?" He said - "Yes, Mamma dear." Little Bo Peep Has no more sheep, But she doesn't care a button, For she sold them to The Butcher, who Sold them again for mutton. This youngster took a hammer Into the woods,they say; It worried him because he saw A hungry squirrel gnaw and gnaw A hickory nut all day. When Mary went to shoo the hen Out of the garden spot The hen said "Cluck!" and ducked her head, And Mary turned about and fled As fast as she could trot. "Well, Mary, " asked her mother when She noticed her dismay; "Where is the hen?" And Marty said "It's coming, Ma; I went ahead To show the hen the way." 