Luigi's father is so kind He often lets
              Luigi grind, Or pass the monkey's cup of tin And count the pennies that
              fall in ANN is the clever child who can Make pancakes fry in a frying   pan. Yet she's not proud as I should  be If I were such a cook as she! BILLY can never make up his mind Whether he wants to be A Circus Clown in the sawdust ring Or a Pirate on the Sea! THE luckiest child I know is Charlotte— Her Mother dresses her in scarlet. OH, a brown legged Gypsy Boy is Dan. He rides in a white-topped Caravan. He can't tell his letters which from which, But he can turn handsprings in any ditch! A SOLEMN child is small Eliza; Each day she grows a little wiser GREEDY little Ferdinand Has ice-cream comes in either hand. GRACE can dance upon her toes. How she learned to no one knows. Maybe friendly Brownies taught her. Or the Kind of Elfland's daughter! HENRY and his puppy share This gay quilt, the lucky pair! ISABEL could sew and sing; She could do most everything Excepr just this, poor Isabel Never   learn how to spell. JIM!Jim! Come out and swim. Fill your pail up To the brim. Roll in sand And splash in sea From breakfast till It's time for tea! ALL dress in apple green goes Kitty, A-walking up and down the City. LUIGI'S father is so kind: He often lets Luigu grind, Or pass the monkey's cup of tin And count the pennies that come in OH, MAY'S the sweetest month of Spring With flowers to bloom and birds to sing; But Molly, Meg, and Marjorie Are sweeter far to hear and see, Playing on the flower-strewn green Each in turn a May Day Queen. BATH is over; prayers are said Ned is on his way to bed! OLIVE dust the parlor; Olive sweep the floor; Brush away the cobwebs Behind the pantry door! OH, PETER PAN was the boy who could Play on his pipe in a leafy wood. Beasts and Bunnies brown crept near him, And all the birds grew still to hear him. THIS Quaker child of Quality Lived in another century, Dressed all in gray with ker- chief neat, She trod Nantucket's long Main street; Climbed to the roof walk; heard the din Of square-rigged whalers sail- ing in. NEARLY always, Roger goes Slipping, sliding on his toes, Over ice and cobblestones. People tremble for his bones! SOPHIA'S picking raspberries; Her basket's green and new; The raspberries are crimson, Her hands and lips are too! TIME for tea, Timothy; Kettle's humming Cozily; Toast and jam  For you and Me! UNA loves to carry things-- Paper parcels tied with strings, Bags and bundles fascinate her, Shopping does not irritate her. LITTLE Vincent Vanderpool Cannot bear to go to school, Any day he'll leave his books For woods and fields and wading-brooks. PINK of cheek and brown of eye, Winnie's sweet, but rather shy. Once she brought me tulips gay From her house across the way. X IS the little unknown boy I passed at the crossroads sign; He didn't tell his name to me, I didn't tell him mine! YETTA lives across the sea In a place called Italy. ZACHARY is not to blame For having such an awful name. 