An Ape and Ass, who took a walk in company, one day Were startled by an Adder, that rose hissing in their way: "Of course, of such a creature," cried the Ape, "I have no fear; But it makes me somewhat nervous, and I'd rather not go near." "A THING they call by your name, I observe the ladies wear, Around their necks in this way," to the Boa said the Bear. "Now, if you'll let me wear you," he continued, with a smile, I'll take it as a favor, for I love to be in style." "IT is not grief that makes me weep," a crocodile replied, To a Camel, who, with kindly words to ease his sorrow tried. "We Crocodiles are famous for our tears, my friend, you know, So, just for practice, every day, I let a gallon flow." THIS Duckling is his loving parents' treasure and their pride; He has a Bow-wow Nursie, that takes him out to ride; And the darling, in his carriage, looks so pretty and so sweet, He's gushed o'er by all lady Ducks the road they meet. AN Elephant went fishing, once, but though he fished with zeal, He didn't catch a single thing, except a slippery Eel. It tried to squirm away from him, - " No use, dear boy!" he cried; "I can not bear to part with you; I dearly love Eels - fried!" A FROG that met a Fox, one morning, walking on the shore ; Cried, " Foxy, why, I never knew you cared for Fish, before!" "Well, Froggy, Geese are scarce just now," the Fox said, with a grin,  "And if I don't eat something, I'm afraid I'll get too thin." FOR the game of Croquet, Tommy Purr didn't care Till he met Kitty Mouser, so sweet and so fair. Now he plays it with her almost every fine day - There will soon be a wedding, the gossips all say ! MRS. GOAT must go shopping, and leave by themselves Her dear little Kids, seven playful young elves. She bids them be careful, and sharply look out For a sly wicked Wolf, that is prowling about; They must keep the door fastened, and not let him in, Or quickly he'd eat them, bones, body, and skin ! Let us hope that the Kids will their mother obey, And that she bargain-hunting too long will not stay. A DREADFUL time this poor Giraffe had with the Grippe last spring! It settled in his throat - just think! Three feet of it! poor thing! He had a smart Gorilla nurse, that knew just what to do, Or else I hardly think he would have managed to pull through. I LIKE you all except your name," the pert Hyena said;  "Hippo—Hippo—Bother! I can't keep it in my head!" "Well, let it go at Hippo, then, the larger beast replied;  "I shall not take offence at you : I have no silly pride." I J THESE Pyramids," the Ibex said, "are ancient works of men. Can you tell me, Brother Jackal, who erected them, and when?" The Jackal kept on reading, and pretended not to hear; He didn't know, and didn't wish his ignorance to appear. WHY, bless me!" said a Kangaroo, out walking with his wife; "I never saw so queer a bird before in all my life!" It was a Kiwi-kiwi (or Apteryx if you will); It hasn't got a wing at all, but - mercy!—what a bill! I'LL teach you," said the Lion "not to call an officer 'Cop!' Such insolence from loafers, I declare, has got to stop! What will become of Order, and what I will become of Law, If I am not regarded with the right amount of awe?" No creature more ungrateful than this Mouse, I'm sure, could be!  When from the trap the Monkey and the Magpie He bit the Monkey, till with paii nearly double,— Now, was not that a nice return for helping him in trouble ? LTHOUGH the Newts as dancers have no grace or skill at all,  They strangely took a notion that they ought to have a ball. Of course they all imagined that they made a splendid show; But if they were not funny, then I would not tell you so! 'THAT the Owl is full of wisdom, we so frequently have heard,  We are likely to suppose that it's an always solemn bird ; But you see it's not unwilling to unbend, And lay aside its dignity, to frolic with a friend. WHAT the Porcupine and Pelican are up to, I can't say;  But we safely may assume, I think, it's only friendly play.  If the Porcupine should spread his quills while in the other's pouch, not at all unlikely would be a cry of " Ouch!" THANK Fortune! " said the Quagga, " I, at last, have hit a bird.  My luck has been just dreadful,— really dreadful, 'pon my word !  I fired off every cartridge, and miss, and riiiss, and miss!  d go home empty, if I had not potted this." the Rhi: An unoffending party that you happen, sir, to meet! You need a little, toning down; you're plainly quite too gay:' And, oh, that Ram he did tone down ; and served him right, I say 1 A STORK was one day painting, as he thought, with great success; But a Squirrel dared the contrary to express.  At climbing trees and such things," said the Stork, "you may be smart;  "But you simply show your ignorance when you try to talk of Art!' MR. LION imagines he makes a good nurse, But I really don't think you could find a much worse. Not a thing does he do his poor babe to amuse,  But sits rocking, and smoking, and reading the news. Mrs. Lion should scold, and oblige him to try To keep baby quiet, and not let him cry. SIR Rowley De Powley's a gallant young Frog, Who has journeyed this morning from Greenwater Bog,  To pay his addresses to fair Mrs.Mouse. With his friend, Mr. Rat, he's arrived at her house, And it's plain, from his bearing, he doesn't expect That the lovely adored one his suit will reject. ARE you well, sir?" asked the Tortoise, as politely as he could. "My health," replied the Turkey, " would, I have no doubt, be good, If 'twere not that Thanksgiving Day so shortly will be here: We Turkeys can't feel gay, you know, with that dread time so near!" THE Vampire and the Vulture had, one day, a little spat; The Vampire shouted "Baldy!" at the Vulture, - think of that You dubious, mongrel the Vulture in reply, " I scorn you ;  for you're but a beast, though like a bird you fly ! A WOLF there was who had, -along with other curious whims, A most surprising mania fior singing psalms and hymns. To many smaller animals he gave instruction free,—  A very worthy fellow, (for a Wolf), indeed, was he NOT many are the " creatures that with X their names begin: To find one we must search amongst the tribes that wear the fin. The Xiphias has a long, sharp nose, quite like a sword, you see:  I think I'd hardly wish to have him point it thus at me. THE Yamma and the Yak rehearsing for the stage For Amateur Theatricals they both have caught the rage; They like the plays that treat of love, and think that they can render The parts of two fond lovers, in a style most sweet and tender THE Zebra is the animal that's last upon the list; He's pictured, to amuse En-to-mol-o-gist.  This big word.: is the name, you know, bestowed on one who tries To find out all about such things bugs and butterflies. 