 IS for Animal, The one which I mean, If you read the next rhyme Will surely be seen.  IS for Bears That these rhymes are about; The children all greet them With clamor and shout.  IS for Cub - The bear's baby, you know; He hides in his fright As she beats off the foe.  IS for Den, 'Tis a cave in the hill, The cubs sleep inside it, All curled up so still.  IS for Eskimo, In his cold northern home; He lives where the shaggy Polar bears roam.  IS for Fish That are caught through the ice; The bears eat them raw, And think them quite nice.  IS for Grizzly, How wicked he looks; As he frightens the dollies, And gnaws at the books!  IS for Honey, Stored safe in a tree; Ted gobbles the sweetmeat, And sometimes the bee!  IS for Indian, The bear's stealthy foe; To kill the big bruin, Far, far will he go.  IS for Journey The Teddy Bears took; Their story is told In a large handsome book.  IS for Kitty With buttons for eyes; Poor Teddy is terrified At her great size.  IS for Lazy, A trait of the beast; He will snooze in the dish At the end of a feast.  IS for Milk, Which tame cubs like to drink; Teddy takes his at ease, A good scheme, I think.  IS for Nuts On which the bears dine; If they have to go hungry, They set up a whine.  IS for Ostrich-tips All ladies wear, In the front row of fashion Is Old Mother Bear.  IS for Pie Made of berries so sweet, All sprinkled with sugar For bear babes to eat.  IS for Quiet That reigns in the wood, While the bears sleep all winter Without any food.  IS for Rompers Of cloth colored blue; Teddy wears one when dressed, And a ribbon bow too.  IS Sweet Apples That bears like to eat; They don't care for sour ones, But are fond of the sweet.  IS for Teddy The name we all know Belongs to the Bruins Wherever they go.  IS Umbrella To keep off the rain; The rent in the cover Gives Teddy great pain.  IS Vexation Which Teddy Bears cause, When my dollies they squeeze With their strong furry paws  IS for Wagon With three bears as crew; One fell out behind, And then there were two. X STANDS for Ten Teddy Bears in their might. Their brave Captain leads them, - They long for the fight.  IS for Yuletide, The grown people's name For the time when my Teddy From Santa Claus came.  IS for Zoo, With poor Bears in a cage, They dream of the woods, And no wonder they rage. 