A is for Arthur And Annabel - they Would like to eat Apples The whole of the
                  day. B's Bertie and Bella - You can't tell their
                  looks, Their faces are hidden Behind two big
                  Books. C stands for Cakes, Here are two of great
                  size To Conrad and Connie They come as a prize. D is for something delightful— That's
                  Dancing: David and Dorothy Think it entrancing. E s Ethel and Ernest, Embracing with pride Two large Easter Eggs— Now, whatever's
                  inside? F stands for Florence And Ferdinand, who Think only of Finery— Foolish, these two. G is for Gilbert And Gertrude, you see Who never forget To say Grace before tea. H. Horace and Helen Are Hiding—Mamma Is terribly anxious To know where they are. I's Ivy and Ivan - With paper and Ink So very industrious - That's what I think J's Johnnie and Judith Who laugh "Ha! Ha!
                  Ha!" At the Jokes that are made By their funny
                  Papa. K stands for Kenneth And Kate, who agree To Kiss and be friends, As good children should
                  be. L's Leonard and Lucy, Who take a delight In Learning their lessons From morning to
                  night. M is for Money Spread out on the floor. Matthew and Millicent Have quite a store. N is for Noise That they make on the drums, Naughty Noel and Nancy, When anyone comes. O's Olive and Oscar - Two travellers brave; They love to be out On the blue Ocean wave. P's Paul and Priscilla All grandly arrayed. Their beautiful partings The barber has
                  made. Q's Quentin And Queechy, who cry Hip! Hip!
                  hurrah! As the Queen passes by. R's Ronald and Rosa, Who wish that the Rain Would go right away To the Country of
                  Spain. S stands for School, Where, it's pleasant to
                  state, Selina and Septimus Never are late. T is for Tiny And Timothy too, Who play with their Toys As children should
                  do. U that is Uncle, Who comes to convey Uriah and Ursula Out to the play. V is for Visiting, Vivian and Vere, Whose best Sunday clothes Are those you see
                  here. W's for Winnie, And Will - tired out, The wind does not cease To blow them about. X is for Extra. We're All on our knees. We feel extra good, So look at us, please. Y is for Yorick and Yelva, who yawn They are going to bed To sleep 'till the
                  dawn. Z is Zabbub and Zoe, Who cry out—"Alack! What a pity it is That the Zulus are
                  black!" 