Congress of Children We show to you here, American first,  For our Country is dear. Behold this small Briton, A tar bold and free, By helm he is standing, He rules on the sea. Come, see a Chinese girl With joss-stick alight. She sits on the floor here, Her feet out of sight. Do look at this Dutch maid, Near wind-mill she sits. In wooden shoes clumsy, She quietly knits. for the Egyptian,  A lad with bare legs, He's poor and so hungry For alms oft he begs. French school-boy and poodle, You next here will mark, Fine tricks does the doggie They're having a lark ! Greece gives us a stripling In skirts—a strange sight! He greets us from gardens Of classic delight. Here happy Hawaii Holds high holiday, And dances the "hula" With frolicsome sway. pictures an Indian, "Papoose" is its name. Though tied to its cradle, It coos just the same. Japan's little lady Is yellow of skin. Korea, her playmate, To her is akin. Look, here is a Lapp, He's a child of the snows; With reindeer for horse, All fur-clad he goes. M's Moorish, a maiden Who lives far away, She eats figs and sweeties In plenty all day. next, she's of Naples, A bright, pretty lass, She holds her tambourine, And smiles as you pass. O, see now this dancer, The Orient's slave; A scarf thin and flowing, Her graceful arms wave. Pray, look at this child— Philippino is she; Once a savage quite wild, Now a school-girl, you Quebec gives a laddie, Canadian by birth; His flying toboggan Upsets, to his mirth. shows us a Russian, In bright, broidered gown; pity 'twould be, If her pail should fall down. S surely's a Spaniard, With loud castanets; For dancing and clapping, Great praise oft he gets. Turn now to the Turk, Who has roses to sell; He haunts the bazaars, His red fez suits him well. Uruguay's daughter The pampas lives near, Winsome and happy The face you see here. View next, Viennese, And surely you'll say That these little kiddies Look happy and gay. West Indian Isles Pickaninnies can boast; Bananas they bear, Walking straight as a post for Xalapan, He's of Mexican strain; Both donkey and boy Make a live water-main. Y for Yucatan, In a far away spot; Tamales she eats, And flat corn cakes quite hot. And now with this Zulu, last shown here in turn, You'll plainly and surely your Alphabet learn. 