is for Apples that grow on high trees, Don't I wish I were tall and could reach them with ease is the Bear who's as black as he's bold, He will stand on his head if he's properly told. is the Cat, roaming 'round in the night, How he shrieks in his anger, "Come on, and let's fight." is the Dog that is watching my yard, He looks like a soldier who's standing on guard. is the Elephant whose trunk is his node, His arms, and his hands, and his sprinkling hose. are the Fairies so airy andlight, Who water the flowers with dew in the night. is the Goat who is always called Billy, For his beard is so long and he looks very silly. is the Horse that once lived in the sea; Now he wiggles his tail, for he's chuck full of glee. is for Insect whose bite is quite hot, When he lights on yourleg, where the stockings are not. are the Jays with their coats of deep blue, Who steal all the cherries and leave none for you. is the Kite that you fly in the sky, And wonder how ever it goesup so high. is the Leader who clears with a bound All the posts, and fences that you go around. is the Monkey who rides on a bike, And uses his hands, and his feet just alike. is the Nabob who lives in great state, Who is very much vexed when his supper is late. is the Owl who thinks he is wise, Because he is given such very big eyes. are the Pumpkins as yellow as gold, That make Jack-o'-lanterns so funny and bold. are the Questions you ask of your Pa, When he tells you, "Don't bother, but go askyour Ma." is Rhinoceros, always on show, Who is haughty and lazy and awfully slow. is the Scarecrow who lives in the corn, That the crows think so foolish they laugh him to scorn. is the Tin that they make into toys, That walk by themselves and puzzle small boys. is for Us when we slide down the hill So fast that we frighten our big Uncle Bill. is the Viol on which the man saws, 'Till it grumbles and sounds like a dockley's hee-haws. is for Walrus, a wonderful wag,> Who wears a white waist-coat when punching the bag. is for Xylophone played with great ease, By a clown as he swings, on the flying trapese. is the Yarn that is held by our Bob, While Grandma unwinds it, a delicate job. is for Zebra with stripes on his back, How fine he would look were he hitched to a hack. 