The Adventurous
BILLY and BETTY

DEDICATED TO THE
CHILDREN OF AMERICA
BY
Van Camp’s
Adventures Inspired by
MURIEL S MOTHER, (Mrs.) JEWEL BLOCH
Stories and Jingles by EDWARD M. CARNEY
Illustrations by CARL MUELLER
PRICK 50 CENTS

Copyright. 1921. by Van Camp Product Company


For All Good Little Girls and Boys 
FOR all good little girls and all good little boys.
These stories are written, to tell of the joys
Of young “Billy” Van and his pal, “Betty” Camp,
To whom Master Aladdin presented his Lamp.

He told them to rub it, for good things to eat,
But he cautioned them both they must be very neat.
They must put on their napkins and have their hands clean,
Or they’d not get so much as a single Baked Bean!
They must learn how to eat with a spoon and a fork —
And, at table, not bother their elders with talk.
“But just speak when you’re spoken to” — that’s what he said;
“Then go quietly, soon after supper, to bed”.
So they did what he told them — and what do you think?
They just ate and grew fat — and their cheeks they grew pink!
When they hungered for food,they just rubbed on the Lamp —
And the food that was brought them was labeled “Van Camp.”



A
is for Alice—
Of “Wonderland” fame.
If she ever got lost,
She remembered her name.

B
is for Beans—
And it’s also for Baked.
If they have Van Camp’s label,
There’s no better make.




This shows you Aladdin
Presenting his Lamp
To brave “Billy” Van
And the sweet “Betty” Camp.

If the doggie had taken
A bite of his leg,
Poor Aladdin would have to
Go ’round on a peg!

C is for Caution—
And Cleanliness, too.
Remember them always;
They’re watchwords for YOU.
D is for Danger
When crossing the street.
Look out for the autos
And keep on your feet.


"Billy" Van
IN a little farm house, ’way out in the
country where the fields were green
and the daisies and buttercups
grew, there once lived a happy little
boy whose name was “Billy” Van.

He was a very, very good little boy who always
obeyed his Mother and Father—went to bed early
at night and got up early in the morning—cleaned
his teeth before breakfast and after his meals—
washed his face and hands, without being told—fed
the chickens and milked the cows—and helped his
Mother and Father around the house and the farm
in the many, many ways that little boys should.

Although “Billy” was a very, very good boy, he
was not a “goody-goody” boy. He was a real
country boy who loved to go fishing and swimming
in the streams and ponds—loved the birds and the
woods and fields—and'knew how to play all kinds
of games with other little boys and girls.

He was always happy and gay—and he tried to
make everybody else happy. And that was why
everybody in this country town loved “Billy.”

Down at the Grocery Store—where Mother sent
him very often, to bring home good things to eat —
“Billy” used to help the Grocery Man to sweep and
dust the Store, and arrange the packages and cans
and bottles and other good things on the shelves.

There were lots of different kinds of things in the Store, with the name—L“ Van Camp’s”—
on the labels; and “Billy” noticed these things more than any others because the first part
of the name was the same as his own last name and because there was a big sign in the
Grocer’s window which read ‘“Something Good for Every Meal’—Van Camp’s”. And,
of course, like every little boy “Billy” just loved good things to eat; and best of all, he
always wanted 4o eat only the food that was good for him.

So, he used to eat lots of Van Camp’s Baked Beans—and Soup—and Spaghetti—and
Pumpkin—and Hominy—and Milk—and lots of other things; and he grew big and strong
and healthy.

One day, when “Billy” was hoeing corn, out in the field, and the sun was shining very
hot, he felt so tired that he just had to lie down on the ground to rest—and, before he knew
it, he fell asleep. Then he had the most wonderful dream, about many thrilling ad-
ventures. that any little boy ever had. He thought he saw fairies and goblins and elves
—and “Little Red Riding Hood”—and “Cinderella”—and “Jackand the Bean Stalk”—
and “Little Jack Horner”—and the “Babes in the Woods” —and “Old Mother Hubbard”
—and all the other people and all the funny animals that live in the World of Fancy and
Dreams.

E is for Errand
You run for your Ma,
For a can of Baked Beans—
And she gives ’em to Pa. 
F is for Fussing
That naughty boys do;
And, sometimes—not often
Some little girls, too.




"Betty” Camp
IN a great big city, in a great big
house, there lived a very beautiful
little girl whose name was “Betty”
Camp. She had rosy cheeks —
and big, blue eyes — and lovely
golden hair.

Sometimes they called her “Little Sunshine,”
she was always such a dear, sweet, happy, good-
natured, little girl—and she brought happiness to
everybody who knew her.

She helped her Mamma around the house; and
she made her Papa very happy, singing her little
songs to him and reciting the little verses that she
learned at school.

Every morning, as soon as she woke up, she would
run to the window and, looking out at the Rising
Sun, would greet him with:

“Good-morning, Merry Sunshine,
What makes you wake so soon?
You scare away the little stars
And drive away the moon!”

Then she would scamper off and1 go tippey-toe to
Mamma's and Papa’s room, to see it' they were
awake. If she found they were still asleep, she
would creep softly back to her bed and quietly read
her little book until Papa and Mamma came in to
the time—and never bothered her parents.

Just like Billy Van, this good little girl cleaned her teeth after every meal, kept her hands
and face clean, behaved herself at the table, and ate only the things that were good for her.

Betty used to like to look in the windows of the Big Grocery Stores—and on their counters
and shelves—for she saw there the same kind of good things to eat that were always on her
Mother’s Pantry Shelf at home. They had the same kind of labels as the things-that Billy
used to see in the little grocery store in the little country town—and the same kind of a
sign was in the windows of the Big Grocery Stores. It said: “ ‘Something Good for
Every Meal’—Van Camp’s."

She noticed that the last part of the name on the labels and on the sign was the same as
her own last name—and that pleased her very much.

One hot, sun-shiny afternoon, when Betty was sitting out in the Park, reading a wonder-
ful story book, she grew very tired and sleepy and, before she knew it, her little head
drooped forward and she fell fast asleep. And while she was sleeping, she had a very
wonderful dream—just like the dream Billy was having at the same time, out in thexorn
field, in the little country town, a-way, ’wav off from the Big City where Betty lived.

G is for Good
Little Girlies and Boys
Who always behave -
And don't fight over toys.

H is for Happiness
What a fine word!
It is one of the finest
You ever have heard.

The Big White Cloud and the Good Fairy
NO sooner had Billy and Betty fallen asleep than
a great, big, fleecy, White Cloud—just like a
huge feather bed — swooped down out of the sky,
caught Billy up in its soft folds, and carried him
’way up in the sky, over the hills and valleys, far up over
the tree-tops and the sun-kissed fields.

Faster and faster went the Cloud until
it came to the Park in the Big City where
Betty was asleep. Then it swept down
out of the sky and caught little Betty up
in its big, soft folds—and, without stop-
ping, up! up!! up!!! it went again and
carried Billy and Betty far away off—
over the roofs of houses—over the tops
of chimneys and high church steeples—
’way up in the sky with the birds!

Away went the Cloud, faster and faster,
until it came to the edge of a great, big,
blue ocean—where the waves were dash-
ing over the rocks and rolling far up on
the beach.

Then the Big White Cloud blew
down out of the sky and dropped
Billy and Betty on a big, big pile of


I is for Icicles
Caused by the cold—
Should be used ’stead of candy
When children are bold!

J is for Jealous—
A terrible thing.
Takes the joy out of life
And leaves only a sting.

soft, yellow sand—and the Cloud then rolled away, far out
over the ocean, and finally disappeared.

Billy and Betty looked at each other and rubbed their
eyes in amazement — and while they were talking Aladdin
appeared before them and presented them with his Wonder-
ful Lamp, so that they might always have plenty of good
things to eat on their journeys.

Then the Good Fairy appeared and told them they would
have some very jolly and thrilling adventures—but not
to be afraid, for she would always be with them, if they
were Good Children.

After the Good Fairy left, it began to grow very dark
and cold—and pretty soon the Moon and the Stars came
out—and while Billy and Betty were watching them, the
Sand Man came along and dropped little grains of sand into their
eves. Very soon they fell fast asleep; and they dreamed of more
big Clouds—and Thrilling Adventures — and Good Things to Eat.
When a boy is Good, And a girl is Good, And they help their
parents, as children should, They’ll be happy and
gay Throughout the day; 
And, at night, they’ll have wonderful dreams —they say!


K is for Kiddies
Who give the world joys.
This means only Good
Little Girlies and Boys.

L is for Love,
With its banner unfurled.
It’s the greatest and best
Of all things in the world.


The Picnic Party
EVERY little boy and girl loves to go on a Picnic —
and Billy and Betty were no exception.
So, now that they had Aladdin’s Wonderful Lamp
—and all they had to do was to rub it, to have all
the good things to eat that anybody could want—they de-
cided to have a Great Big Picnic, so that everybody could
have a good time and plenty to eat.
Billy and Betty did not think only of themselves. They
were unselfish children—and they knew that the best way
to be happy is to make other people happy.
So, they asked the Good Fairy to invite all the Mother
Goose people—and all the other little children and grown-
ups of your story books. Everybody came and everybody
had a very wonderful time.
There was Old King Cole;
The merry old soul;
And Little Red Riding Hood, too;
And Little Miss Muffet
Who sat on a tuffet;
And th’ Old Woman who lived in a shoe.
Jack Spratt came along
Just to sing them a song;
ftumpty-Dumpty, he came on the run;
And Little Boy Blue;
And a Goose and Dog, too—
My! didn’t they have lots of fun!
And Jack Horner was there
With his (little stool chair;
Cinderella and Goldilocks came.
But as some couldn’t stay.
They just hurried away
'While the others played many a game.
Mis for Merry—
Be happy aad gay,
All along yonr life’s Path
As you travel your Way.
Nis for Naughty
Ypung girls ancLyoung boys
Who take out of life
All its pleasures and joys.
The little old-fashioned, Van Camp Twins were there,
too. Can’t you see them in the picture? These little char-
acters are over 60 years old and they go to picnics and
parties and into millions of homes — to see that children
and grown-ups have “Some-
thing Good for Every Meal.”
Every time Billy or Betty
rubbed the Lamp at the Pic-
nic, the little Van Camp Twins
appeared instantly and
brought them lots and lots of
good things to eat.
Dear liltlc girts amt boys—
Wouldn't YOU just lore to be
irlth Billy and Betty and all
tbs yoocl little tots at this
party ?
Ois for Order—
dt’s Heaven’s first law.
It makes things run
smoothly—
And that’s what it’s for.
Pis for Pantry—
Just look at the shelves,
All arranged with Van
Camp’s
Like an army of elves!
The Big Party Giver
ILLY and BETTY gave everybody such a good time
on the Big Picnic that the Mother Goose people and
all the others decided they would give Billy and Betty
a Big Party in the
house of Old Mother
Hubbard!
Well, of course, you
know what happened.
They all thought
they were going to have
lots of good tilings to
eat, but when
Old Mother Hubbard
Went to the cupboard
She found the cupboard
was bare!
As the Party was be-
ing given for Billy and
Betty, they forgot what
Aladdin had told them
and did not bring the
Wonderful Lamp with
them. So, everybody
had to hurry about, here
and there, to find some-
thing to cat. Some ran
back home to get flour and sugar and milk and other things
to cook with; while others built a fire and got out the pots
and pans—and there was much fussing. The Mother Goose
people took a lot of pains in baking and stewing and cook-
ing because they wanted to give Billy and Betty a feast
thev would always remember.
At last the Party was ready—but the things that Billy
and Betty had to eat were so sweet and so heavy that, even
before the others left the house, Billy and Betty felt sick
4
I
a
n Billy and Betty
and tired —and they fell fast asleep right at the table.
Then they dreamed of real, good things to eat — the kind
that they had at home and that they had on the Picnic.
And while they were sleeping—
Now what do you s’pose
Was set down before them.
Right under each nose?
They dreamed of a cupboard
With good things to eat—
And strange little figures
To bring on the treat.
1
This shows you the terrible Cannibal Man
Who eats little children as fast as*he can.
He i§ waiting for Billy and Betty, you see—
And t hope that he’ll never eat you or eat me!
Qis for Quick—*
Which you always should
be,
To obey every order,
And do it with glee.
is for Ready
To do what you’re told —
So you’ll never deserve
A cross word or a scold.
K

Saved From the Cannibals
BILLY and Betty had a very thrilling adventure one
day, that nearly cost them their lives.
I They saw a funny looking boat tied up to the
shore—and they jumped into it to play they were
out for a sail. But no sooner had they jumped aboard than
a Irig wind blew and carried the boat far, far away over the
ocean to the strange lands where the cannibals live!
Many times the waves dashed over the sides of the boat
and Billy and Betty thought surely they would be drowned.
But Billy was a very good sailor for so young a boy and he
managed to take the boat safely through the storm.
Of course they had the Wonderful Lamp with them—anil
it was kicky that they did, for they found nothing to eat
in the cabin of the boat—-and they would surely have starved
to death without the aid of the Lamp.
But drowning and starving were not the only dangers!
As they came to one of the islands of this strange part of
the world, a terrible-looking, big, brown cannibal jumped
out from behind a rock on the shore—ran down to the boat
—grabbed Billy and Betty—carried them off into the woods
—and tied them to the stump of an old tree.
Then the cannibal built a big fire under a huge pot of
water and made ready to cook Billy and Betty—and eat
them!
But Billy had a bright idea—and he whispered to Betty
not to be afraid. With that, he rubbed the Wonderful
Lamp—and behold! the ground was covered with all sorts
of good things to eat—all in bright dainty containers—and
every one with the same sort of a label.
The cannibal was struck with fear—and he fell to his knees and
bowed his head down to the ground in front of Billy and Betty.
When he had untied them, he called together all the men and women
of his tribe and they all had a wonderful feast on the good food that
Billy had provided. Then the cannibals made Billy and Betty their
King and Queen — but that night, while the tribe was fast asleep, Billy
and Betty stole away to the boat, escaped from the island, and sailed
back to the welcome shores of America.
Sis for “Something Good
For Every Meal”—
But be sure that Van
Camp’s
Is the name on the seal.
T’s for Tomatoes—
Ah, that’s .where we shine!
They’re Van Camp’s from
the seed
To the fruit>of the vine.
Lost In the Woods
Billy and Betty	After walking all day
Went out for a tramp—	And	far	into	the	night,
And, of course, they took with them They were lost in a forest
The Wonderful Lamp.	Without	any	light!
BETTY was afraid at first; but Billy was a brave little
lad and he told her not to fear, as he would take
1 care of her.
They were tired and hungry, so they sat down on
a pile of soft leaves and began to wonder what they should do.
Pretty soon the moon came up—then Billy rubbed the
Lamp and they had plenty to eat—and that made them feel
much-better and braver and more contented.
As they looked around, they saw two big, bright, shiny
eyes staring at them — and they wondered if this was the
same woods where Little lted Riding Hood met the terrible
Wolf. So, not to take any chances, they quickly climbed
into the branches of a big tree, safe away from the Wolves
and Foxes and all the other wild animals that prowl around
the woods at night.
And right beside them sat a friendly old Owl who broke
the silence with— #
To Whit! To Whoo!
Who are you?
Billy and Betty told them—and the wise old Owl winked
an eye and told them he thought they were very wise, too,
to get up in the tree away from harm.
They stayed awake a long time, watching the Fairies and
Elfins and Goblins that people the woods at night—then,
like the Babes in the Woods, they grew very tired and fell
fast asleep—but they were up in the branches of the big
tree, instead of being on the ground.
When the morning came, the sun was shining, the woods
were cool and sweet-smelling, and there were no wild ani-
mals anywhere to be seen.
Uis for Useful—
Which all things should be.
It’s a very good motto
For you and for me.
Vis for Voices
We all love to hear.
It’s the soft ones and sweet
ones
That give us most cheer.
Even the Owl had flown away.
For Owls, you know, go blind at day!
So, Billy and Betty jumped down out of the tree—rubbed
the Lamp—ate a big, hearty breakfast of many good things
—and started off on another thrilling adventure.
’s for Water
We take out of Milk.
Van Camp’s is as pure
As the purest of silk.
is for Xebec.
Let’s take a long trip
On this three-masted
Mediterranean ship.
Billy At the Boy Scouts’ Camp
BILLY wanted to visit a Boy Scouts’ Camp—
For lie wanted to show them the Wonderful Lamp,
lie wanted to see if the boys were neat—
And he wanted to see what they had to eat.
But he got there just as their food gave out—
And a hungry boy—is a hungry scout!
He had only one can of Van Camp’s Soup—
And that wouldn’t get far with a Boy Scout troop!
So, he sat right down and he rubbed the Lamp.
And they had enough food for a week in camp.
There were all kinds of good things—under one seal—
And it meant “Something Good for Every Meal.”
There was lots of spaghetti and pumpkin and beans.
Peanut butter, soup, milk—and you know what that means!
So they all pitched in and they ate their fill—
And if you had been there, you’d be eating still!
Yis for Youth
With its pleasures and joys.
It’s the hey-day of life,
For all girls and all boys.
Betty Visits the Camp Fire Girls
ON one sunny day, with her hair all curls,
Betty went to the camp of the Camp Fire Girls.
Whenever she went on this kind of a tramp
She always took with her the Wonderfid Lamp.
For she knew she’d get hungry like all children do;
So, she never went unprepared—neither should you.
You must always have plenty of good things to eat,
If you want to grow strong from your head to your feet.
It was late afternoon when she got to the camp
And she saw right away she’d have need for the Lamp,
For the Girls who had hoped to give Betty a treat
Said, with tears in their eyes, “We have nothing to eat!”
But Betty soon had them all smiling and gay—
* id the Camp Fire Girls well remember that day—
For she rubbed on the Lamp, and a party was spread
That made each little girlie go happy to bed.
Zis for Zebra—
So all the books say.
It’s the last of the letters;
So, dearies—“Good-day!”
The Good Fairy’s Castle in the Air
THE jolliest and most wonderful of all the thrilling
adventures was when Billy and Betty were taken
’way up in the sky by the Good Fairy, to visit
Little Sing-a-Ling and Ting-a-Ling.
These little fairy children live in the beautiful Crystal
Palace of the Good Fairy—the wonderful Castle in the Air—
but sometimes they come down into the world, to see good
little girls and boys. And if you are very, very good, per-
haps they’ll come down to see you\
Billy and Betty were received at court by Sing-a-Ling
and Ting-a-Ling and they heard a fairy choir of a million
little voices singing—
Dear Sing-a-Ling and Ting-a-Ling,
Our King and Queen are you.
We love you, love you all the time
For all the good you do.
Then the Good Fairy raised her star wand and walked
into the biggest and brightest crystal dining hall that ever
was seen. Sing-a-Ling and Ting-a-Ling—and Billy and
Betty—and all the little fairies that live in this beautiful
Castle in the Air followed her; and they all sat down to the
finest and most wonderful fairy party that ever was served
in this beautiful Crystal Palace.
Billy and Betty showed Little Sing-a-Ling and Ting-a-
Ling the Wonderful Lamp and told them all about it.
They said—“If you will come back to the Earth with us, we
will rub the Lamp when we get there and give you some of
the best things to eat in all the World.”
So, Sing-a-Ling and Ting-a-Ling were delighted and said
they would go; and would take Billy and Betty back in their
wonderful fairy Air Ship, if Billy and Betty would get
married in the great big Castle in the Air.
Then the Good Fairy said some magic words—and Billy Van and Betty
Camp became Billy and Betty Van Camp—and the four happy children
jumped into the wonderful fairy Air Ship and started off.
They traveled faster than Lightning—past the Stars and the Moon and
through the Clouds—until they came in sight of the World, far below
them. And they brought the Air Ship down at the edge of a beautiful
lake with lots of pretty sail boats on it.
Just as they sat down—and as Billy lifted the Lamp to rub it—some-
thing terrible happened! To know what that was, you must read the
next adventure.
The Bold Bad Robber
BILLY and Betty had promised Sing-a-Ling and Ting-
a-Ling a real, big treat of good things to eat.
But before Billy could rub the Lamp, a great, big.
,bold Bad Robber jumped from behind a tree — took the
Lamp away from Billy—and ran off with it into the woods!
The Bad Robber sat down on a big stone and rubbed the Lamp, in the
hope that something good to eat would be brought to him. But as he had
stolen the Lamp, it refused to work. So, he got very, very angry.
He threw the Lamp down on the ground and smashed it into a hundred
pieces—and that was the end of the Wonderful Lamp!
And it was the end of the Bold Bad Robber, too; for no sooner had he
broken the Lamp than Aladdin appeared with a whole army of angry little
Goblins. They bound the Bad Robber, hand and foot, and carried him off
to a dark, dark dungeon—far down under the ground—and kept him there
for the rest of his life!
Good-Bye To the Fairy
WHILE Billy and Betty were telling Little Sing-a-
Ling and Ting-a- Ling how very sorry they
were—and all were wondering what they should
do for something to eat—the Good Paiyy ap-
peared and told them not to worry. She said to Billy and
Betty:
Now that you’re Billy and Betty Van Camp,
You’ll have no further need for the Wonderful Lamp.
You won’t need the fairies—you won’t need the elves—
If you have Van Camp’s products at home, on your shelves!
So, Billy and Betty said good-bye to the Good Fairy
and thanked her for their thrilling .adventures—and she
sailed away in the big fairy Air Ship, with Little Sing-a-
Ling and Ting-a-Ling
—back to the wonder-
ful Castle in the Air.
* * * *
Then the Big White
Cloud came down out
of the sky—gathered
Billy and Betty up in
its soft folds—and car-
ried them back to their
homes.
Billy woke up in the
corn field, in the little
country town, just as
the sun was going
down — and Betty
woke up in the park,
in the great, big city.
Now you want to remember, as long as you live,
That all things are not just what they seem;
For these jolly and thrilling adventures, my dear.
Were but only a Wonderful Dream!
A Word to Mothers
IF you and the children have enjoyed “Billy and Betty,*’
we hope you will write us. We like to please—and
being human, we like to know when we have pleased.
We have just published another book, which we will gladly send
you. Its title is: " What to Serve and How to Serve It “. Every
housewife should have it. It was compiled by Mrs. Harriet Ells-
worth Coates, one of the foremost authorities in America. Profusely
illustrated with photographs of actual dishes.
It is full of ideas on what to serve for every occasion, and contains
many original recipes for dishes that will delight your guests and
enhance your fame as a hostess.
If you will send your dealer's name and enclose 10c to cover postage
and packing, we will be glad to mail you this book. Address Do-
mestic Science Kitchens. Van Camp's. Indianapolis, Ind.
