A
Arthur's and Annie's new And Attraxctive Atlas
makes the children, Anxious for
Adventures, resolve to start At once on a A trip Around the world.

B
Headed By Brother Bertie they Bravely, emnbark in Baskets for the Blue
waters of the Bay of Biscay, and then visit

C
the Canary Islands where Cousin Charlie feeds the Canary-birds with Crumbs of Currant Cake.

D
Landing in Africa Dolly gives a Dinner-party in the Dusty Desert

E
On Entering Egypt, Eddie plants the English Ensign on a Sphinx

F
Flying Fishes carry our little Friends Far over the Sea.

G
to Goa, and Georgie Gives all the little Girls a ride in the Go-cart on the way to the Ganges.

H
They Hasten on to Hong-King, where Harry rides through the street on a Hobby Horse.

IJ
Away they sail amoung the Indian Islands In a Junk,
till they come to Java
where Johnny eats edible birdsnests with Jam.

K
The Southward to Australia where the Kincking Kangaroos call on Katie.

L
Turning their Log-hut into a Log-raft, called the Lily, they embark for America.

MNO
After Marching through Mexico, and trying to Mop up the Mississippi, they take a Nap in new York.

Provided with oranges
they cross Over Brooklyn Bridge and catch the Omnibus for the northern Ocean.

PQ
At the North Pols Polly feedsd the Polar bear with Porridge in a Pail, and the Queen gives a Party at which they dance a Queer Quadrille.

RS
Hurrah for a Rare Reindeer Race along the Roads of Russia in a Snug Sleigh axcross the Soft Snow to the Southern Steppes!

T
To The astonishment of The Turks They Travel in Tubs along The Telegraph wires of Turkey.

UV
Una sites Under an Umbrella on the top of Vesuvius, while Valentine plays the Violin in the Vineyard.

W
Whence they go in Wheelbarrows to the land of Windmills and Water,
Where the Wind Whistles in the Winter Weather, and Where they are Welcomed by the Wee children Who Wear and Walk in Wonderful Wooden shoes.

XYZ
They cross the sea once more, and landing X miles from
Yarmouth they leave
their Yacht the Zephyr.
And Zoe welcomes the little travellers home.


