A is an Abolitionist—
A man who wants to free The wretched slave—and give to all An equal liberty.
B is a Brother with a skin Of somewhat darker hue,
But in our Heavenly Father’s sight. He is as dear as you.
5
]
C is the Cotton-field, to which This injured brother’s driven,
When, as the white man’s slave, he toils From early morn till even.
D is the Driver, cold and stern, Who follows, whip in hand,
To punish those who dare to rest, Or disobey command.
£ is the Eagle, soaring high;
An emblem of the free ;
But while we chain our brother man, Our type he cannot be.
F is the heart-sick Fugitive,
The slave who runs away,
And travels through the dreary night, But hides himself by day.
G is the Gong, whose rolling sound, Before the morning light,
Calls up the little sleeping slave,
To labor until night.
H is the Hound his master trained, And called to scent the track. Of the unhappy fugitive,
And bring him trembling back.
I is the Infant, from the arms Of its fond mother torn,
And, at a public auction, sold With horses, cows, and corn.
J is the Jail, upon whose floor That wretched mother lay, Until her cruel master came, And carried her away.
i
K is the Kidnapper, who stole That little child and mother— Shrieking, it clung around her, but He tore them from each other.
L is the Lash, that brutally He swung around its head, Threatening that “if it cried again, He’d whip it till ’twas dead.”
M is the Merchant of the north,
Who buys what slaves produce—
So they are stolen, whipped and worked, For his, and for our use.
N is the Negro, rambling free In his far distant home,
Delighting ’neath the palm trees’ shade And cocoa-nut to roam.
O is the Orange tree, that bloomed Beside his cabin door,
When white men stole him from his home To see it never more.
P is the Parent, sorrowing,
And weeping all alone—
The child he loved to lean upon, His only son, is gone !

And where, with toil and sorrow worn, He seeks his wretched bed.
R is the “Rice-swamp, dank and lone,’’ Where, weary, day by day,
He labors till the fever wastes His strength and life away.
Q is the Quarter, where the slave On coarsest food is fed,
S is the Sugar, that the slave Is toiling hard to make,
To put into your pie and tea, Your candy, and your cake.
T is the rank Tobacco plant, Raised by slave labor too : A poisonous and nasty thing, For gentlemen to chew.
U is for Upper Canada,
Where the poor slave has found Rest after all his wanderings,
For it is British ground !
V is the Vessel, in whose dark, Noisome, and stifling hold, Hundreds of Africans are packed, Brought o’er the seas, and sold.
W is the Whipping post,
To which the slave is bound, While on his naked back, the lash Makes many a bleeding wound.
X is for Xerxes, famed of yore;
A warrior stern was he He fought with swords; let truth and love Our only weapons be.
Y is for Youth—the time for all Bravely to war with sin ;
And think not it can ever he Too early to begin.
is a Zealous man, sincere, Faithful, and just, and true ; An earnest pleader for the slave— Will you not be so too ?