A CANADIAN
CHILD’S
ABC
VERSES BY R.K. GORDON II DRAWINGS BY THOREAU MACDONALD
Dent .Toronto S. Vancouver

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED PRINTED IN GREAT BRITAIN AT THE TEMPLE PRESS, LETCHWORTH, HERTS FIRST PUBLISHED IN I931

CANADA
TWO thousand miles of forest, A thousand miles of plain,
A thousand miles of mountains, And then the sea again.

APPLES
McINTOSH Reds and Russets, Wealthys and Northern Spies, Winesaps, Snows, and Newtons : Which of them takes the prize ?
BEAVER
UPON our stamps he used to stand For he is emblem of the land.
No more we see him on the stamp ; Our only chance is when we camp.
But he is shy, and when he goes A-swimming, you can see his nose,
And nothing more except his track.
If he ’s alarmed, a mighty smack Of his flat tail, and he ’s gone clean, Like any other submarine.
CHINOOK
UP goes the mercury, Away goes the snow, Off go overcoats When chinooks blow.
DAULAC
WHEN their canoes left Montreal
They knew that they would not come back;
But they were proud to give their all For France and die beside Daulac.
Eight times day slowly dimmed to night; Eight times night slowly wore to day ;
While at Long Sault they fought their fight, And held the Iroquois at bay.
EXPLORERS
COLD, want, and hunger could not turn Them back from their great quest— Mackenzie, Henry Hudson, Hearne—
Till utmost north and west,
Forest and lake and far-spread plain,
Arctic and western sea
Surrendered to Franklin and Champlain,
Kelsey, Laverendrye.
FATHER POINT
IT ’s there you drop the pilot When you are outward-bound ;
It ’s there they have a foghorn Of strange and doleful sound ;
It ’s there you start to wonder Just how you ’re going to be Next day, when you ’re surrounded By nothing but the sea.
But when you ’re headed westward, And the sea is all behind,
There you pick up the pilot,
And Father Point seems kind.
GRAIN
WHEAT for the English bakers
And oats that are soon to be rolled, Thousands and thousands of acres Covered with prairie gold.
HUDSON BAY COMPANY
TWAS Charles the Second gave the charter
Allowing them to trade and barter,
And they have done so ever since That generous and merry prince Gave their wide powers and mighty sway To the Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudson Bay.
INDIANS
ABOUT four hundred, years ago
They first looked on a white man’s And welcomed him, and did not know That one day he would take their place.
They still are here, but their fierce pride And wild free life have passed away ; Another race has thrust aside The children of a bygone day.
JESUITS
TO light dark Indian souls they came, And suffered for their dear Faith’s sake; They passed unflinching to the flame;
They stood unconquered at the stake.
KICKING HORSE PASS
THE thing, some said, could not be done, But pluck and brains persisted till Through that wild pass the rails were run, And it was conquered by man’s will.
LAKES
THERE are five Great Lakes, all deep and wide,
And when the wind makes a commotion,
If you ’re on shipboard, your inside Will feel the same as on the ocean.
MOUNTIES
THEY came before the railways came,
And to the west brought law and order. They ’ve won themselves a right fair name From Herschel Island to the border.
NIAGARA
WHAT a great thing to have been First of white men to have seen Niagara, and stood in wonder At the water’s rush and thunder !
Father Hennepin saw that show Two centuries and a half ago,
But, though we can’t feel quite his thrill, The Falls are strange and mighty still.
OTTAWA
TO Ottawa from coast to coast
The chosen come to make the laws. For weeks they talk about a lot Of different things with scarce a pause : The railway line to Hudson Bay,
Taxes and tariff, immigration,
The great St. Lawrence waterway,
And whether we are yet a nation.
PRAIRIES
THE prairies stretch from Winnipeg To where the foothills start,
The pioneer jogged all that way In a slow Red River cart.
QUEBEC
THE Indians lived there, then the French, And last the English came;
Three hundred years of history Are wrapped up in the name.
RIVERS
BIG and small, swift and slow,
North, south, east and west they flow Fraser, Red, Saskatchewan,
Tobique, Saguenay, St. John,
Peace, Mackenzie, Montreal,
Great St. Lawrence, king of all.
SUGAR
IT *s not the kind you put in tea,
But what comes from the maple tree When men go out in Spring and tap The trunks and catch the fresh sweet sap, Which, after proper boiling, makes Brown maple sugar in hard cakes ;
And all one maple tree can do Is to make just a pound or two.
TUMP
"X T THEN the portage VV	is	rough,
is long and the footing
:ighs far
And the load on your back wei£ than enough,
When each muscle has its own separate ache, And mosquitoes are with you each step that you take,
The tump seems a tyrant. But then through the trees
Comes on your face sudden a freshening breeze, You see the trail's end and a ripple of blue, And bless the good tump line that helped you get through.
UNEXPLORED
THE best thing on the old-fashioned maps Of Canada was those great gaps Marked ‘‘Unexplored/' You felt you could Fill them up any way you would—
With herds of charging buffalo,
With Indian and Eskimo,
With teepee, dogsled and igloo,
With grizzly bears and caribou.
But since the railways have got there,
The maps are not so nice and bare.
VANCOUVER
SHE lies beyond the mountains, And from within her bay She sends the great ships sailing To ports in far Cathay.
WOLFE
WITH muffled oars upstream they crept, Wolfe and his men, on that dark night. They clambered up the narrow path,
And morning found them on the height.
And New France fell, and Montcalm died, And what France lost old England won;
But Wolfe, thrice wounded, only lived To hear with dying ears : “ They run.”
YUKON
GOLD gave the Yukon sudden fame,
And from the world’s four quarters came Adventurers to stake a claim And risk their fate.
Some won, and many lost that game In Ninety-Eight.
ZERO
WHEN zero comes and ground is hard, We take the hose and flood the yard; I like the garden, but I think I like it better as a rink.
!