A is an Apple, both mellow and sweet, A really good one is a very nice treat.

B is the Butter, just fresh from the churn. At breakfast and tea it serves a good turn.

C is a Cabbage, sound in its heart,
To Beef, Veal, or Pork ...

D is the ..., whoever will try,
Must acknowledge 'tis famous in Pudding or Pie.

E is the Egg, unless I'm mistaken,
Is certainly good with a ... of bacon

F is a Fowl, but your pardon I beg,
To talk of a Fowl so soon after Egg.

G is the Goose, so don't be at a loss,
To take the first opne of these rhymes for the ...

H is the Honey obtained by the Bee.
Whose industrious habits we all like to see.

I stands for Ice, which I'll show in a trice,
In the hot sumnmer weather is sure to be nice.

J .... mind of my Grandmother's Jam
With which she delighted my stomach to cram.

K is a Kidney, nice if well broil'd,
But burn it too much and 'tis sure to be spoil'd.

L is a Lobster, he must not be o'erlooked,
Tho' mind how you touch him before he is cook'd.

M stands for Mutton, do pray boil the leg,
With Turnips, and Capers, and a plateful I'll beg.

N is the Nectarine, sweetest of fruit,
For dessert after dinner 'twill you and I suit.

O is an Oyster, to please all beholders,
As a capital sauce to the Cod's head and shoulders.

P stands for ..., of my dinner I've ...
When ... I have had with a leg of Lamb roasted.

Q is a Quince, 'twill a flavour impart,
In a Pie, but alone it is rather too tart.

R stands for Rabbit, I think you'll agree,
A nice one for dinner would satisfy three.

S is the king of all dishes, the Salmon,
Either ... or fresh, he's good and so ....

T is for Turtle, the Aldermen's pride,
For they stick to Turtle, who ....

U
is for Utensils at which you are looking.
You perceive thet they're all adapted for cooking.

V stands for Veal, nicely stuff'd it is prime,
If you chance to be hungry about dinner-time.

W is the Wine your dinner to crown,
Only don't take too much to wash it all down.

Y is the Youth with Appetite rare,
Who eats all he can, and leaves nothing to spare.

X is the letter I thought to o'erlook,
Bit it means a good thing, an ex-cellent cook.

Z is the Zest which everyone feels,
Who is healthy and hungry at each of his meals.

