A is for Apples and also for Air;
Children need both and we have them to spare.

B ...

C is for Cereals and Cocoa too;
Consider the Calories coming to You.

D is for Dates, the kind that You eat,
Deliciously sweet and far cheaper than Meat.

E is teh Excellent Edible Egg,
One daily at least, dear Children, we beg.

F is for Fruits whether fresh, dried,or stewed;
Dried, at the Grocer's, you'll buy them, if shrewd.

G is for Gaining, as every Child could;
A half pound a Month is the least that he should.

H is for Height, be as tall as you can,
Weight up to Height makes a healthy strong Man

I is for Iron in Spinach and Eggs,
Builds Red Blood and Sinews for strong Arms and Legs.

J is for Jam and also for Joy,
Which spread on his Bread it brings to a Boy.

K is for Kitchen so spick and so span,
We all like our Food from shining clean Pan.

L is for .... served hot in the School;
We wish all the Teachers could follow this Rule.

M is for Milk which makes Muscle and Bone;
One pint a day would be best till you're grown.

N is for News of habits you need,
To grow up so healthy You're bound to succeed.

O is for Oatmeal, the finest of Food;
With Milk for your Breakfast, there's nothing so good.

P is for Prunes, Potatoes and Peas,
And Patriots who will be glad to eat these.

Q is for Quiet, we frequently need;
after Meals don't run at the top of your speed.

R is for Rest and Round .... Faces
Rest is a thing which nothing replaces.

S is important and therefore I hope
You'll pardon my specially mentioning Soap.

T is a Topic which Trouble begins;
Both Tea and Coffee for Chidren are Sins.

U Understanding the best way to live,
United for Service our Country to give.

V is for Vegetables; if your're too slim,
These Victuals are full of Vigor and Vim.

W is for Water the best thing to drink
Between Meals as often as ever we think.

X is for Xtras of Soup or of Milk,
For a thin little Girl till she's finer than Silk

Y is for You, and I tell you the Truth,
Learn to be Healthy and Strong in your Youth.

Z is the Zest which Health gives to Life,
Now march for it, Children, with Drum and with Fife.

