THE
INVITED ALPHABET;
OR, ADDRESS OF
A to B ;
containing his
FRIENDLY PROPOSAL
FOR THE
AMUSEMENT and INSTRUCTION
OF
GOOD CHILDREN.
Virginibus Puerisque canto. Hor.
I sing for Girls and Boys.
By R. R.
LONDON.
PUBLISHED BY B. TABART AND CO.
JUVENILE AND SCHOOL LIBRARY, NEW BOND-STREET.
1809.
PREFACE.
THE design of the little publication, here presented to the view of children, is to allure them
to the vestibule of learning, by means which have been often successfully employed on similar oc-

casions. The verses are rendered interesting, by the personification of the letters ; and, as children are very capable of relishing a witty point or allusion, it is conceived, that nothing of this nature, here attempted, will he found too refined for their comprehension, when properly explained by their teachers, for whose assistance a few


notes are subjoined. In the engravings, the same engaging individuals are characterized by different positions of their fingers.
This expedient was suggested, by the mode in which deaf persons
represent the letters :	a mode already well known to many child-
ren, who often hold long conversations by means of it; and which


is obviously useful in their education, as affording a varied and entertaining exercise for their improvement in spelling.* Lastly, the fi-

* The art of spelling on the fingers has been dignified with the name of Dactylology. See the Abbe de 1'Epee's Method of educating the Deaf and Dumb. It will be proper to add, for the information of those
who are unacquainted with this art, and


gures are encompassed by labels, containing the letters, both great
and small, in the five alphabets most in use : viz. Roman, Italic,
Old English, German-text, and Writing. The whole, it is presumed, will he found to comprise 

who may wish to practise it, that, when a word is spelled, its conclusion is signified by snapping the fingers.


an association of ideas, which cannot fail to make the desired impressions in the most speedy and durable manner; and which, by
connecting agreeable sensations with the first rudiments of learning, may have the most beneficial influence upon the studies of maturer years.


NOTES.
. i
* H, being only an aspiration, of breathing, is said, by some gramma-
rians, to be no letter. It is, indeed, no vowel, because unaccom-
panied with voice ; neither does it, like a consonant, obstruct the free emission of the voice or breath;


but, as it takes a manifest station in the pronunciation of a syllable, instead of having a simultaneous utterance, like an accentual tone or inflexion, it has been thought convenient to give it a place in most alphabets, and to refer it to the class of consonants.

Formerly, the powers of I and J were both signified by the single


character, I; to which circumstance it is owing, that words beginning with each of these letters are still absurdly jumbled together in all our dictionaries. The same remark applies to U and V.

S, from its sound, is called a sibilant, or hissing letter.
X does not begin any native English word.

A said to B. Come here to me.
And we will go and Call on C.
D will not dilatory be
In helping to enquire for E;
Then finding E, I fancy we
Shall not be long in getting G;
And though some say, H is no letter,*
I think, he cannot do much better
Will, when we summon them, come on;
And P his part will play anon;
Q will not quarrel with our views,
And R, I'm sure, will not refuse.
S, it is true, is apt to hiss,
But will not take our scheme amiss;
T will accompany us too,
And talk of it to Useful U;
Our visit V will no way Vex;
W will welcome us; and X,
Though backward to begin, I know,
Will still a good example show;
And thus, when all together met,
In what is call'd the ALPHABET
We, like so many pretty toys,
Will please good little Girls and Boys;
Till by our means, they shall, with speed,
Both elegantly speall and read.


