Stands for Acrobat,
So agile and quick;
Who poses and smiles
After each wondrous trick.
For the Ballet, “Starlight”— Whose beauty and grace No other stage picture Can ever efface.
I
Is for Clown,
That jolly old soul, Who’s never a bore With his humor so droll.
a
Stands for Dog,
Just plain D-O-G, Though quite a fine actor He’s gotten to be.
Is for Engine Room —
Clean, wholesome and bright A marvel of neatness —
A wonderful sight.
For Fadettes —
Fair, feminine band; Who play popular music And opera grand,
Stands for" Girl —
The matinee queen In her most stunning raiment At Keith’s can be seen.
For Houdini,
The great Handcuff King, Who wriggles to freedom From any old thing.
For Inspection —
When every Keith man From his head to his feet Must appear spic and span.
Disguised as a tramp,
He juggles most anything, Even a lamp.
Stands for Keith,
The Vaudeville King — Let’s wish him long life, While his praises we sing.
Stands for Leader,
Who, baton in hand, While he watches the stage Is directing the band.
For Monologist,
Rich with story and jest, Makes you laugh till you cry— To tired brains he brings rest.
I
Is for Necromancer,
Who baffles at will With his feats of black art And his wonderful skill.
For the Orchestra,
Whose music so bright Lends sparkle and zest, While it captivates quite.
Stands for Patrons —
Gay youth and old age Are equally pleased
With the show on Keith’s stage.
Is for Queen —
The best one of all —
The good Queen of Fairies, So graceful and tall.
For Rehearsal,
Without which the show Would drag in its action. Be tedious and slow.
Stands for Stage,
Where life’s counterpart Is played by the actor With consummate art.
For the Tree
Of the glad Yuletide With its tinsel and lights And its presents beside.
Is for Usher,
So courteous, polite — He helps make your visit A constant delight.
Stands for Vaudeville, Varied and bright — A gay pot-pourri That satisfies quite.
For Wreath,
And the laurel you know, Belongs without question To the Keith Theatre show,
Is for Xmas —
Best day of the year —
It gladdens the heart,
Brings to all much good cheer.
Stands for Young Folks,
Whose parents, you know, Never worry about them When they’re at the Keith show.


Is for Zylophone,
Mellow and sweet — When played by an artist, A musical treat.