h
THE
i
§S|®|AVING observed what utter nonsense is put into the mouths of children, and € the firm hold which it takes on their memories, (I refer to “A was an Archer that shot at a frog, &c.,) I have ventured to compose, in simple rhyme, what I will call “The Children’s Moral Alphabet,” with the hope that it may as easily, and as permanently, lodge in the mind a few grains of truth which shall germinate, and even bear some fruit, in the future.
With this view, I submit it to the juvenile public, with my best wishes for their progress in all that is good and true. At the same time apologising for here and there giving a hint to the elder folk.
©eMe^JcWl-
Kettering, July, 1879.
\
ux A
Stands for the Ass: this burden he bore,—
A hag of good meal from the water-mill store;
Then should he be beaten ’cause slowly he trod ?
No! Neddy and meal are both creatures of God.
A,
21
John xii. 15.
I
■
S. JOHN V.
39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.
PSALM XIX.
7	The law of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul: the testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the simple.
8	The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart; the commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes.
2 TIMOTHY, III.
15 From a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus 10 All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness.
PSALM CXIX.
105 Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
«
Stands for Bible, the book of all truth,
Which guides to the Saviour both old age and youth;
Dear England, old England, thy children are blest,
Not one need there he of this Book unpossessed.
/
«
Stands for Coat, that keeps me so warm,
When foot-deep in snow I am plodding the farm;
I shepherd the sheep, and think it’s their wool
That makes all the coats of the boys in our school.
Stands for Drunkard—oh, shocking the sight!
Let me ne'er be found in such wretched plight:
A grief to my parents, offensive to God-
Save me, 0 save me, from that downward road!
Ephesians v. 18.
«
Stands for Eagle, who soars as he flies, Upwards, still upwards, he mounts to the skies;
While he who hates learning, an Idler lies down,
Content to he always an ignorant clown,
Proverbs i. 5.
Stands for a Fool, an Atheist lie;
At the great judgment-day, oh, where will he be?
Speechless, confounded, with agonized heart, Awaiting his sentence—Depart ye, depart!
Psalm xiv. 1.
if Stands for Goliath, six cubits in height, y In armour complete equipped for the light; I While cursing young David, with boastful disdain,
Forth flew the missile: the Giant was slain.
Boast not of your stature, your valour, or skill, Faith gains the victory, and not human will.
1 Kings, xx. 11.
m
Stands for Home, so sweet and so comely, For love makes it sweet, be it ever so I homely;
Then brothers and sisters pray love one another,
Joy will it bring to both Father and Mother.
Psalm cxxxiii. 1.
Stands for Ink, let all try to use it, But never take pen whereby to abuse it; For it, like the tongue, true friendships may sever,
To unite again—when? the time may come never.
James
Stands for the Judge, who solemnly sits To lay down the law that condemns or acquits;
While twelve honest men take oath on the spot,
To give a true verdict, of guilty or not.
Deuteronomy i. 10 & 17.
Stands for the King, who sits on the Throne;
He speaks of “ mj people,” but we're not his own:
Our grand Constitution, I’m proud to relate, Is King, Lords, and Commons,—we call it the State,
Proverbs viii. 15.
Stands for lamb, what a time honoured name!
Since Jesus, the Lord, is well known by the same;
For lo! on the Cross He gave up His breath,
To save a lost world from sin and from death.
John i. 29.
Stands for Mother, fair emblem of love, Who nursed me, and fed me, and called me her dove:
)h what can I render such love and affection
n weakness and age? ij kindest protection.
Proverbs xxiii.
Stands for Neighbour, oh, what says the lord ?
“Love him as yourself,” it stands on record ;
And should he offend you, to seven times even,
Your love must forgive to seventy times seven.
Mark xii. 31.
Stands for Oyster, with rough-coated shell; When the morsel you've tasted, examine it well;
Judge no man in haste, it will not be kind, The outside is nothing: the pearl is the mind.
John vii. 24.
Stands for Peter, sad storj to tell,—
He trusted in self: you know how he fell; But was kindly restored by a glance of the eye
From Jesus, his Saviour, lest Peter should die.
Luke xxii. 61 & 62.
Stands for Quick: it’s no nse delaying; Time flies apace, and never means staying; So ponder the thought, that man, like a flower,
Though blooming with health, is cut down in an hour,
James iv. 14.
Stands for a Rose, the garden’s fair queen; Hoi lovely the pink, how charming the
green!
Not less the fair maiden adds grace to her beauty,
When love and affection give impulse to duty.
1 John, iv. 7.
Stands for the Snn, he sends ont Ms rajs, He lights np the earth, her grandeur displays ;
The air fills with music from coppice and wood,
Proclaiming in chorus the goodness of God.
Psalm xix. 1—6,
Stands for Tiger, whose nature is cruel, And men are no better who fight in a duel: Nor should Christian nations partake the disgrace
Of sanctioning war, to destroy their own race.
Matthew xxvi. 52.
Stands for “ Ursus,” in English, the Bear; An ugly old fellow, so pray you heware! A brute may be bearish, but men should know better;
Youth should be kind, and polite to the letter.
1 Peter, iii. 8.
H, Holy Father, no culture but Thine, Can make me a branch of Christ, the true Vine;
Thy pruning alone, by faith and by prayer, Can make the good fruit in rich clusters appear.
John xy. 1 & 2.
of
r
r
7
EATHERCOCK, Weathercock, turned by the wind,
Type of the man who knows not his own mind;
While valiant for truth, he stands like a tower,
His girdle is strength, his armour is power.
James i. 8.
V'OT a word in our language begins with an X, J) But there he sits striding, poor Rhymer I to vex;
Be patient, poor Rhymer, don’t trouble your head,
But close your long ditty with—
BUT oh, Mr. Rhymer, you spoke of politeness: We ask, Is it right, by dint of adroitness, That we should he left as though we were dead ? We rank with our fellows as X, Y, and Z. So pray, aged Sir, our minds to compose, dive us a last word, in rhyme or in prose.
Rhymer :
My farewell advice in prose I will give, Which please to remember as long as you live.
66 Fear- God.”
66 Honour the King.”
Love and obey your Parents.”
66 As much as lieth in .yon, live in peace with all men.”