a
A
A, ARTHUR AIMWELL, of right takes the rule, By letter as Chief of the Boys of our School ;—
In duty submissive we yield to his sway,
As first of the Alphabet family,—A ;
And still that his name may with honour be crown’d. No primer without his initial is found.
B b
B is BOB BOOBY,—how sulky his look ! Whom nobody loves, for he loves not his book ; When call’d, by the Usher, to spell or to read, He whimpering cries, “ I don’t know it indeed!” The rod and fool’s cap he has had in their turn, But Bob seems resolved that he never will learn.
TAKE YOUR CHOICE,
C is CHARLES CAREFUL, whom none can surpass. So clever, he’s now at the head of our class ;
So dutiful, kind, and obliging beside,
The joy of his friends, of his parents the pride ;
His worth to proclaim, and his person to deck,
A Medal of Merit he wears at his neck.

D is DO-LITTLE, who scarce knows a letter, Yet willing to learn, he soon hopes to Do better ; Intent on his lesson he sits by himself,
And heeds no impertinent mischievous elf;
We love the fine fellow, and, eager to tell Our friendly affection, we call him Do-well.
Oil A PEEP AT MY PLAYMATES.
E e
E is TOM EASY, whom nothing annoys,
But who with mere trifles his time oft employs.
One day in our school, as he play’d with the Cat, The Usher demanded,—“Tom, what are you at?” In lack then of speech, poor Tom Pussey cried Mew, “ Tom Easy I mean,” said the Usher, “ not You J”
F f
F is FRANK FRETFUL,—the boys love to tease him, So peevish and cross, there is nothing can please him ; When told of his faults, he says, “ What's that to you?” And point but your finger, he cries “Have done, do!” While around him we caper and cheerfully sing,
He blares like a Calf in the midst of the ring 1
TAKE YOUR CHOICE
i *
/
(x is GEORGE GOSSIP, a tale-bearing youth. Delighting in fibs, and regardless of truth ;
His schoolfellows dread him, and, seeing him come. Each lifts up a finger, and all exclaim “Mum 1” For when with his tales he thinks fit to begin,
He dashes away, through thick and through thin.
He seized a fierce Billy-Goat once by the horns, Which, rearing, had threaten’d to give Hal a fall,
And seem’d much inclined to wage war on us all:—
“ Cry Quarter /” said Hal:—the goat could not obey, But he sprang from his victor, and scamper’d away.
I
II is HA-j HARDY, all danger who scorns:
OR A PEEP AT MY PLAYMATES.
I	i
I is young IDLER, whom here you may see, And his name and his character strictly agree ;
At school he’s the last, coming in,—going out, The last in whatever the boys are about:
If so he continue, ’tis easy to tell
The last he will be in the world to do well.
J j
J is JEM JOLLY, the JESTER, no fool, Alert when at play and attentive at school;
The life of our sports, and whose juvenile wit To each in his turn gives a palpable hit;
But as none of his jokes are design’d to give pain. So none of his playmates are heard to complain.
K	k
K is KIT KINDLY, a good-natur’d creature, Whose kind disposition is seen in each feature.:
His fruit or his cakes after school he’ll divide,
And lay for himself the least portion aside.
To all in distress his benevolence flows,
And all bid “ Heaven bless him 1” wherever he goes.
TAKE YOUR CHOICE,
L 1
L, LOUIS LIVELY, of cherub-like smile,
Can well of dull care all his comrades beguile;
At home or abroad, in our school, or at play,
He’s affable, friendly, good-humour’d and gay ;
Yet sometimes most gravely this lad takes the chair, And settles disputes like a Judge or Lord Mayor !
Mis MARK MEANWELL, severe in reproof,
From whom Master Gossip had long kept aloof;
George wore a black clolce that was losing its dye,
Mark offer’d a substitute then to supply,
A black of firm jet, that would strike all beholders,
‘ What’sthat?’ Throw your character over your shoulders!

OR A PEEP AT MY PLAYMATES
N is NED NOVICE, who seems to take pains In aiming at wit, yet a Novice remains;
Do-little in silence long bore his abuse,
“ You dare not,” said Novice, “cry Boh ! to a goose.' “ I dare though,” Do-little replied, and to show His courage, he look’d in Ned’s face and cried, Boh !
O is young OLIVER ODD-ONE, when foil’d Ned Novice at wit, by Do-little the child,
A donkey was browsing apart from two others,—
“ See,” Ned said to Oliver, “ one of your brothers.
Or one of your family ranging the sod on !”
4 How so?' ‘Why,’ cried Ned, ‘don’t you see he’s an odd-on^.’
J
TAKE YOUIt CHOICE.
P, PETER PEEVISH,—no patience has he,
But scalds both his mouth and his throat with his tea, Then picks with his fingers the crumbs from the loaf, And cries, when reproved, like a great silly oaf:
At home or at school, let him be where he will,
Poor Peter is peevish and petulant still.
Q q
Q is the QUERIST, who runs from his task,
Some foolish and frivolous question to ask :
‘What’s your name? what’s the hour? which way shall you go? What toys have you got ? what tales do you know ?’
But ah! the enquirer, now jeer’d by each scorner,
Is order’d to stand like poor Q, in a corner.
OR A PEEP AT MY PLAYMATES.
11 r
11, ROGER RANDOM, who dashes away,
Still heedless of what he may think, or may say.
A Rliymist is Roger ; “ Observe now this rule,” Our Usher once said, “ Every Poet's a fool." Indeed, sir ! said Bob, I dont happen to know it; But one thing I know, every fool's not a poet.”
S
S is SAM SOP,—see how hungry his look!
From morning to dinner-time teazing the cook ;
He fell in the dripping once. Oh ! how he squall’d !
Now what is the matter?” his frighten’d Aunt bawl’d; “ Why, nothing at all, Ma'am," the Cook thus began,
“ A trij!e,—'tis only a soi> in the pan!"
TAKE YOUR CHOICE,
T	t
T is TIM TRUSTY, a fault on himself Who tbok, to screen Do-little, panic-struck elf;
And Trusty well flogg’d then was order’d to be,
“ Oh, don’t, cried the culprit, 'tzvas me! it was me F Tim Trusty the Master’s high favour thus gain’d, And Do-little too a free pardon obtain’d.
U
U is young USURY, his money who lends On Cent per Cent gain to his playmates and friends; Who two-pence to-day will permit you to borrow, Provided that four-pence you pay him to-morrow ;— But to lend without int’rest he’s never inclined,
For no generous feeling exists in his mind,
V
V, VICARY VAINLOVE, a genius who owes His self-estimation alone to his clothes ;
Urigifted by worth, against merit a railer,
He trusts for regard to the skill of his Tailor.
“ Your pride let this bird,” said our Usher, “ subdue, The peacock GOD made, but a Tailor made you ! ”
\
■ f
— —
*
OR A PEEP AT MY PLAYMATES.
W w
W, WISEBOY with pleasure I greet,
For with knowledge no doubt such a youth is replete. In reading, in spelling, in using the pen,
And casting up figures, he’ll equal some men ;
Nay of grammar itself he knows every rule,—
So you see he’s an honour indeed to our school.
X X
X is our XERXES,—a Captain we boast,
Who like his great namesake might head an armed host; This honour denied, we yet yield to his rule,
Commander in Chief of the Boys of our Schooi, ;
He marshals our ranks, and he measures each pace,
And puts us about to the right and left face.
TAKE YOUR CHOICE.
Y
y
Y is the YAWNER, the School there’s no peace in,
He stares in each face, gapes and y-a-w-ns without ceasing; “ The rod," cried the Usher, “ I’ll thrust down your maw, Shut your mouth ! ” ‘'Yes, I will, sir, yaw-a-a-yaw!”
The Usher then y-a-w-n’d, and the Boys all y-a-w-n’d too, Gape, Reader, and try,—so perhaps then may you !
Z, ZACHARIAH the ZANY stands fast,
His post in the Alphabet train is the last.
“ The last did you say I” cried the mirth-loving Zany, “ I’ll prove it thc./b'.rf and most honour’d of any.”
Pat Murphy, resolving a guinea to spare,'
Once ventur’d a bet on the plains of Kildare,
That Zany my namesake, a favourite horse,
Would gain all the honours, that day, of the course, But Zany was distanced and last in the race;
“ By the Powers ! ” cried Pat, still maintaining his case, “ The honours are won, here he comes in terrorem— Young Zany,—and drives all the racers before him.”
So Z still aspires your favour to claim,
For Zeal without him could not boast of a name.
THE ZANY’S TALE.