THE
WORLD AT HOME
AN ALPHABET OF NATIONS
BY
W. GIBBONS

Thomas Nelson and Sons

A
for the Arab. He lives in Arabia and in North Africa. He is a tall, noble-looking
man, frank and bold, but hot-tempered and revengeful. He dwells in tents, and with his flocks and herds moves from place to place, just as his forefathers did in Bible times. His beautiful white horse is tenderly cared for; but his greatest treasure is his camel, on which he journeys across the burning sandy plains. The camel is rightly called “ the ship of the desert.” He can travel long distances without water, and he will live on coarse salt shrubs that any other creature would turn up its nose at. If a stranger comes to an Arab’s tent and asks for food and shelter, he is always gladly received and well treated. The Arab is a follower of the prophet Mohammed, and at the time of prayer, wherever he may be, he spreads his carpet, and turning his face to the holy city, says his prayers very devoutly.

B
for Briton. Though his home is in little isles set in a northern sea, you will find him in every part of the world, for he is never so much at home as when he is abroad. He is strong and hardy, dogged and brave, just and generous, and a lover of fair play. He belongs to a nation of sailors, and wherever a ship can
fluttering her pos-
the Royal Navy. T( colonies and foreign fifth of all the land on one-fourth of the The British army, is “ ready to go do anything.”
sail, there you will find the British flag in the breeze. Every Briton is proud of
sailors
Britain owes her sessions, which cover one-the globe, and include world’s inhabitants, though not large, anywhere and Rule, Britannia!


c
for Cossack. His home-is on the wide, dreary plains or steppes of south-east Russia. His forefathers were fierce warriors who feared nothing, and loved liberty better than life itself. The Cossack is a splendid horseman, and is more at home in the saddle than on foot. He is a soldier of the Czar, and he bears hunger, thirst, cold, and fatigue without complaining. As a scout he has hardly an equal. He knows the steppe as a good boy knows his book, and can track a foe by the most trifling signs. In winter, when the land is white with snow, he sometimes has to face wolves, which are then mad with hunger. Travellers are sometimes overtaken and devoured by them. Let us hope that the men in this picture will escape such a terrible fate.

D
for Dutch. Here is a Dutch girl with her little dog-cart full of milk-cans.
You see how smart and neat she is ; and you need not be surprised, for the Dutch are the cleanest people in Europe, and their
housewives are always busy washing, scouring, and polishi the girl you can see a canal and windmill. Everywhere the land is crossed and recrossed by canals, and everywhere you see windmills, with their great arms going round and round. In winter the canals are frozen, and then everybody skates.

M en skate to their work, women to market, and children to school.
The men wear short blue jackets and very baggy trousers ; and all poor people wear wooden shoes, which make a great clatter on the pavements.
The Dutch are excellent farmers and good sailors. They make a great deal of cheese. The little round cheeses you see in shops come from Holland.
nm
in I
Behind
Holland
—————
E
for Egyptian. He lives in Egypt, the land of the pyramids. And his country	would be nothing but a desert were it not	for the	river Nile,
which makes a strip	of it	green	and fertile. Egypt	is full	of	ruins of
pyramids, temples, and tombs, which were built in days long before the time when the Israelites were bondmen in the land. The Great Pyramid is not far from Cairo, the capital of the country. It was built five thousand years ago. It is higher than the highest spire in Europe, and there are seven million tons of stone in it. It took one hundred thousand men	thirty	years	to	build it.	Beside it	is a	huge	man - headed	lion called the	Sphinx.
Formerly the Egyptians were badly treated by their rulers, who robbed them right and left. Now the British rule the country, and their lot is a much happier one. At one time they had to be driven to fight with whips. Now the “Gippies” are capital soldiers, and a few years ago they fought very bravely	against	the	Dervishes	side by	side	with British soldiers.
THE SPHINX,


F
for Frenchman. Fie calls his land “ Beautiful France,” and loves it very dearly. The French people have been called the “liveliest nation in the world.”
They are certainly lond of plays, dancing, and music; but they are gallant soldiers as well, and, as a people, they love warlike glory. Quick and clever, they are famous for their tact, good taste, and polite manners. Paris, their capital, is sometimes called “The Gay City.” It has fine buildings, beautiful tree-shaded streets, and fine shops. One of its oldest buildings is the cathedral of Notre Dame. It is six hundred years old, and its front is a mass of fine carving. The country and hard-working. On fishermen, and inland yards. In the south there are many the leaves of worms, which for ribbons dresses,
Oft people are very simple the coast they are there are many vine-part of the country mulberry trees, on which the silk-make the silk and ladies’ are fed.

G
for Greek. In ancient clays the Greeks were a strong and gifted race. Among them were some of the greatest poets, historians, speakers, and thinkers that the world has ever known. Their books are read even now in our schools and colleges. The ancient Greeks loved everything that was beautiful, and their sculptors, painters, and builders produced works which have never been excelled. In Athens, their capital, and in other places, we may see the grand old ruins of their wonderful buildings. But evil times came upon them. They lost their freedom, and at last were overcome by the Turks. Since 1822, however, they have been free, though they were badly beaten in 1897 by their old masters. The Greeks of to-day are excellent seamen and clever traders—too clever, sometimes, for they are apt to be cunning and untruthful. They are very fond of music, and of singing songs to the strains of the guitar.

Most of their songs are rather sad, because many of them recall the days when the Greeks were the bondmen of the cruel Turks.


H
for Hindu. In the vast country of India, which belongs to Britain, live about one-fifth of all the people in the world, and most of them are Hindus. Though they have dark-brown skins, they belong to the same family of the human race as we do. As their country is a very hot one, they do not wear much clothing; but what they do wear is very gay indeed—white, red, scarlet, orange, and yellow. Some of the native princes wear rich robes, which are studded all over with diamonds, pearls, and other precious stones. The elephants upon which they ride are covered with gold-embroidered cloths and trappings of the most costly kind.	The	Hindus are divided into
almost countless classes, called castes; and men and women of one caste will not marry, or eat with, or visit those of another caste. It is this great disunion amongst the Hindus which enables the British to rule them. Many Hindus serve in the British army, and are fine soldiers.

crust with you gladly. And sometimes wants to know my coat ? ” Everybody loves bright eyes, her winning If you ever visit the Emerald “ illigant time, indade ! ” and when you leave it, you will long to “ Come back to Erin, mavourneen, mavour-neen.” Erin go bragh !
In this picture little Pat is waiting to have some potatoes
for his supper. The Irishman likes potatoes, and often poor little Pat must have them for breakfast and for dinner as well.
L for Irishman. Ireland is the land of the colleen bawn, the broth of a bhoy, the pratie, the jaunting-car, the shamrock, the Blarney stone, the brogue, “ the gintleman that pays the rint,” the banshee, the shillalah, and Donny-brook Fair. There is nobody in all the world so gay, witty, and warm-hearted as Pat, and he will share his last
he is a rare fighter, too, and “ Who’ll tread on the tail of his sister Norah, with her ways, and her ready tongue. Isle, you will have an
for the Jap. He lives in Japan—a group of islands to the east of Northern Asia. He is a little fellow, with a sallow face and lank, black hair. When he wears his native costume, he puts on a long, loose silk robe, with a girdle at the waist, and he never goes abroad without his paper umbrella and his fan.	The Japanese	ladies, like ladies all
the world over, delight in dress. They wear a bright-coloured undergarment of silk, over which are two or three, and sometimes five or six, flowing robes of crape or silk. All these garments, which are open at the neck, are girdled round the waist by a huge satin sash, tied behind in a large square bow. Japanese ladies are dainty little people, and are very proud of their hair, which they decorate with flowers. All the Japs are fond of music, storytelling, kite-flying, juggling, and plays. They like to resort to flower-gardens and tea-houses, where they enjoy themselves very much.	They are very
skilful workmen, and have trains and trams, telephones and telegraphs, men-of-war, and a parliament, just as we have. Here is a picture of the Japanese cab—the jinrikisha.
for the Kafir. He lives in South Africa, and is a fine, tall, strong fellow, with thick lips and woolly hair. He used to be very fond of fighting, and with his assegai, his knobkerry, and ox-hide shield he has fought against British troops. Now he is peaceable, and lives in his kraal with his wives, who plant the mealies and do all the work while he lolls about smoking, palavering, and sometimes hunting. Some of the Kafirs work in the gold and diamond mines for months at a time. When they get their pay and	go	home

they swagger about amongst Other Kafirs help the farmers or look after the ostriches, become Christians, and have them, however, still believe in are terribly afraid of the
again,
their friends as wealthy men. to till the fields, tend the cattle, Thousands of Kafirs have now been taught trades. Most of ghosts, worship snakes, and “ witch doctor.”


for Laplander. The Lapps are a small, hardy people, who live in
the extreme north of	‘ JgT
Europe. Their land is barren and dreary, but they love it	VIV
very dearly for all that. Very
little will grow, so the Lapp	A	POLAR BEAR.
depends upon his reindeer, just
as the Arab depends on his camels. 1 he reindeer not only gives him food, drink, shelter, and clothing, but drags his boat-shaped sledge from place to place. The Lapps live in tents made of skins or coarse cloth.	Dogs, men, women, and
children huddle together for warmth; and when a fire is lighted you may guess how hot and stuffy the tent becomes. The “fishing Lapps” live near the Frozen Ocean. They are splendid fishermen, and even the boys can manage a canoe very well.
for Mongol. The word “ Mongol ” means “ brave,” and in ancient times the Mongols were the fiercest and most warlike race in the whole of Asia. Much of their country consists of a vast “sea of sand,” other parts of it are bare and treeless, but in the north-west there are some fertile valleys. Many of the Mongols are rich in flocks and herds, and these they drive from feeding-ground to feeding-ground, like the Arabs. Of course they live in tents, which are their only protection against the sandstorms of summer and the fierce snowstorms of winter. They almost live on horseback or camel-back, so that their lees are short and bent. They have flat, broad faces, dumpy noses, and eyes set at a slant. The women do all the buying and selling and much of the work, while the men enjoy themselves in hunting and hawking. Some of the best falcons in the world are to be seen amongst the Mongols.


for Norwegian. In the picture you see a pretty Norse girl, who looks very gay in her bright holiday dress. She lives at Tromsoe, far up in the north, where the winter is very long and very cold. The summer, however, makes amends, and for weeks together the sun never sets at all, but is above the horizon all the time. Many tourists come in yachts to see the “ midnight sun ; ” and this N orse girl is ready to bid the stranger welcome, for she and her people consider friendliness a duty, and from their earliest years the children are taught to be pleasant and kind to everybody. The Norse people are of the same race as the English ; they are brave, hardy, and freedom-loving. Much of their land is bare rock, but wherever there is fertile land it is most carefully tilled. When summer comes the farmers drive their oxen, goats, and sheep to the green meadows high up the mountains. There those who look after the cattle live in rough wooden huts. In winter the cattle are brought down again to the valleys.


for Ojibwa Indian. When Europeans first settled in North America, the “noble redskin” was the monarch of all he surveyed. Now, alas! he is fast disappearing. He is tall, straight, lithe in body, with skin of a dusky copper colour, jet-black eyes, and straight black hair. He daubs and streaks his face and body with paint, and wears a feather head-dress, a coat of deerskin embroidered with beads and quills, and has “moccasins” on his feet. He lives in a “wigwam” with his “squaw,” who carries her “papoose” in a queer bark cradle. He lives by hunting and fishing, and in his graceful birch-bark canoe he skims over the lakes and rivers at a great rate.

p
for Persian. He lives in Persia, a country of Asia, and The Shah has been several times to this country, so you may is tall and graceful, with glossy hair. On his sheepskin hat, that looks a turban. Poor people cotton trousers. The cotton clothes rich coats gold. The women, their houses, are covered a dark cloak, and their white veil. Persians are and always try to make body. They are very kind to their children, loving and dutiful, market-place of a ladies in their veils are
A PERSIAN MARKET-PLACE.
his ruler is called the Shah, have seen him. The Persian an oval face and black, head he wears a tall something like a muff or wear cotton gowns and rich wear over their of satin embroidered with when they go outside from head to foot with faces are hidden by a very kind to strangers, things pleasant for every-quick - witted, and very who, in return, are very Here is a shop in the Persian town, and two seen approaching.
for Queenslander. Queensland is a large country in the east and north-east of Australia. Queenslanders are of two kinds— jb- - white people like ourselves; and black, or rather dark brown, people, such as the man in the picture. The blacldellow, as he is called, is a savage. He wears little clothing; he tills no fields ; he has no flocks and herds, and so he is always on the move in search of food and water. Sometimes he kills birds with his boomerang, and sometimes he manages to spear a kangaroo or an opossum.
The blackfellows are now dying out, and before long there will be none of them left. Many of the white Queenslanders live on cattle-ranches. They are fine horsemen, and with their long stock whips they manage the halfwild cattle wonderfully well.
A KANGAROO.
for Roumanian. He lives in the north of the Balkan Peninsula of Europe, and is a light-hearted and cheerful fellow, though, unhappily, he is very ignorant.
Though he is a poor farmer, his land grows much wheat and maize, which are exported to other countries. He also rears large numbers of sheep, cattle, pigs, and horses. He is now independent, but for many years his land was ruled by the Turks. PI is national dance, called the Hora, is a sort of play representing the way in which he won his freedom. The dancers first move forward in pairs, then the men and women separate, and the men dance round in a great ring, while the women wander round as if seeking for some one they have lost. Presently the men draw close together and make a “tramp, tramp” with their feet like soldiers marching. Next they gather in a crowd and imitate fighting. At last they give a loud shout of joy to show that the battle is won. Then the women run and join their partners, and the dance concludes with merry romps and gay laughter, to show that war is over at last, and Roumania is free and happy once more.
fighter.
for Spaniard. He lives in “ Sunny Spain,” which is one of the most interesting countries of Europe. As a rule, he is ignorant and cruel, but he has very noble manners. This Spaniard is a bull-In every town there is a large circus with seats one above the other, on which thousands of people sit every Sunday afternoon to watch the so-called sport. The bull is driven into the arena; then, on horseback, men armed with lances stab the creature to make it angry.
The narrow escapes of these men make the crowd very excited. Then the bull-fighter appears, and the bull dashes towards him, head down. A quick leap, and the bullfighter is out of the way of the sharp horns, while the bull goes crashing by. Again and again the bull is tricked, until at last, as the animal charges him, the bull-fighter steps aside and plunges his sword up to the hilt between the victim’s shoulder-blade and spine. The bull falls dead, and the bull-fighter bows to the audience, who show their delight by waving handkerchiefs and shouting lustily. Bullfighting is a disgusting pursuit, and we may be glad that it is not permitted in our country.
Their women seldom up their faces
home they go out of
cover up their taces with veils, dresses. All the household work The ruler of Turkey is the Sultan, ruler, and he treats his Christian indeed. Turkey is the most back-Europe, and some people think ought to be driven out of Europe
for Turk. He lives in Tu He is brave and intelligent, when he can get somebody cross-legged on a low sofa and drinking coffee. Many that they
rkey and in the south-west of Asia, but very lazy, and only likes work to do it for him. He loves to sit or “ divan,” smoking a “ hookah ” Turks now dress as we do, except wear a red cap or fez, but at dress like the man in the picture, doors, and when they do they Indoors, however, is done by slaves.
He is a very bad subjects very badly ward country in that the Turks altogether.
for United States, the land of the “Stars and Stripes,” a vast and wealthy country of North America. Though the United States has only been an independent country for one hundred and twenty-seven years, it has already left most European countries far behind, and bids fair, some day, to lead the world. Nature has given “ Brother Jonathan” the richest country on the globe, and he has made such good use of Nature’s gifts that the U nited States is now the land of the “ almighty dollar,” and million-V J ;	aires abound. Everything across
“ the herring pond ” is on a big scale, and in many things Brother Jonathan claims to “lick creation.” Long may the Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes wave peacefully together! The Falls of Niagara, the most wonderful waterfall in the world, lie between the United States and Canada.

V,
THE RIALTO.
for Venetian. He lives in Venice, a beautiful city of Italy. Venice is sea-born. It is built in the sea, and has the sea for its streets and highways.	Its palaces, temples, and
houses are built on seventy-two islands; and there are about one hundred and fifty canals, including the Grand Canal, which is more than two miles long. It is bordered by marble palaces and crossed by several splendid bridges, the most beautiful being that of the Rialto. There are no cabs, omnibuses, drays, wagons, or vans in Venice. Instead of these the Venetians have black boats called gondolas, in which they glide about to do their shopping, visiting, church-going, and sight-seeing. The gondoliers sing as they row their boats along, and the strains mingle pleasantly with the ripple of the water.	Above all
is the clear blue sky, and the dazzling sunlight is reflected on the red-brown sails, of the quaint vessels.
-S ’
for West Indian. Most of the people who live in the West Indies are negroes, with cdal-black faces, woolly hair, and teeth like ivory.
Their forefathers were brought as slaves to these islands to work in the sugar plantations.
Notice the basket on the woman’s head. It contains bananas, pine apples, oranges, and other tropical fruits, which all grow splendidly in the West Indies. There are great sugar plantations in the islands ; and when the canes are ripe the little nigger boys and girls grow very fat, for they may be seen sucking the juice out of a sugar-cane all day long. Some of the West India Islands belong to Britain, and the negroes and negresses sing “God save the King! ” just as Britons do.	Many of the islands are very beautiful indeed. Richly
clothed in evergreen forests, they spring out of the sparkling blue waters, gleaming like ocean gems in the brilliant sunlight.
L
EDINBURGH CASTLE.
white cross on reel cross on a England, is a reel
for the Cross of St. Andrew, which stanels for Bonny Scotland. The Crosses of St. Andrew and St. Patrick are united with the Cross of St. George to form the Union Jack, the national banner of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. The Cross erf St. Anelrew is a a blue ground ; the Cross of St. Patrick, which stanels for Sweet Erin, is
a
white ground; and the Cross of St. George, which stands for Merry
cross on a w
hite
ground.
HOW THE “UNION JACK” IS MADE.
THE COMBINED CROSSES OF ST. GEORGE, ST. ANDREW, AND ST. PATRICK.
......--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.......----------------------------------,—.....................................................................................................................................................................................................^.............................................—
Sometimes he goes fishing, the hippopotamus and the of india-rubber trees, and taps the trees by making root to the lowest branch, ning from it at right long cut runs the sap, bash. When this is filled heat of which causes the and thus become ready must not be called savages,
o> 7
artisans, and are skilful and glass workers, weavers,
Africa.
I nstead head in has just
Yoruba man. He lives in the British part of West As you see, he is a negro. But look at his hair, of growing smoothly, as ours does, it grows over his little tufts, like peppercorns. The man in the picture speared an antelope, and very proud he is of his feat.
and sometimes he hunts elephant. His land is full when rubber is wanted/he a cut in the bark from the and various other cut's run-angles. Then down the which drips into a cala-it is placed over a fire, the liquid rubber to thicken, for trade. The Yorubas for many of them are blacksmiths, brass, leather, and canoe builders.
1^———B
for Zulu. The Zulus are the most interesting of all the Kafirs. They are strong and well-built, and many ot them are over six feet in height. Their hair is thick and woolly, their foreheads are high, their eyes are bright, and they carry themselves with great dignity. Usually they clothe themselves in ox-hides, leopard-skins, and blankets, but their cup of joy is full if they can dress up in the old red coat of a soldier. They are a very warlike people. Under their chief Cetewayo they fought against the British, who were well armed and well trained, yet could not conquer them for quite a long time. Amongst those who were killed in this Zulu War was the Prince Imperial, son of Napoleon the Third. At the time of his death he was serving as an officer in the British army.- Many of the Zulus still live in tribes, and have villages of beehive-shaped houses. They are now quite peaceable, and do most of the heavy work in the mines and on the farms.